{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Bathroom was flooded with urine disgusting and unsanitary will never go back again. Service was great but the bathroom was so disgusting the AHD should inspect this place\
\
Enjoyed this place this past weekend. \'a0When in Rome, so I tried the pastrami with the fries and cole slaw in it. \'a0Very, good. \'a0A very big sandwich loaded with meat. \'a0And the bread...wow! \'a0I really dug it.\
\
In town on travel, we shared a pastrami and Pittsburger with cheese fries .... well, let's start with the fries -- they are cooked in peanut oil; either the oil was previously burned or the oil needed to be changed because the fries literally tasted like rancid peanuts -- not to mention none of the fries were salted.\'a0\
\
The "meat" on the pittsburger was like a hamburger patty you buy at a discount grocery store's frozen freezer. Or it also reminded me of an elementary school's burger.\'a0\
\
The bread was good. The pastrami meat was good. The coleslaw was OK -- but a too vinegary for my taste.\'a0\
\
The sandwich looks awesome, but the taste of the bland, rancid peanut flavored fries turn it into junk.\
\
Love this place , finally got there last weekend after years of hearing about it and seeing it on tv and it did not disappoint from the atmosphere to the food , it's in a real cool part of town the restaurant as a real cool atmosphere the sandwiches are delicious and different from any other, the place is a great Pittsburgh experience gives you the Pittsburgh feel!\
\
I've been here more times than the Steelers have won AFC Championships and Super Bowls. I love this Primanti's the best because it has the most nostalgia and the sandwiches here always seem to taste better. It's a great environment and the employees rock. Stop by and grab a Pittsburgher Cheese Steak with egg and a Iron City beer the next time you're in the Steel City. Yinz Rock!!!\
\
My boyfriend and I visited Pittsburgh this past week for a quick 2 day trip. When we arrived, we wanted to get something close to our Airbnb and after driving from Buffalo for 4 hours and visiting The Night of The Living Dead cemetery, we were definitely ready for lunch.\'a0\
\
I ordered a bacon and cheese sandwich and my boyfriend ordered the assorted cheese sandwich. The sandwiches are quite large and arrive to your table on a wrap instead of a plate. What Primanti's is most-known for is the Cole slaw and fries that are also on the sandwiches instead of on the side.\'a0\
\
Unfortunately, I thought my sandwich really lacked flavor and it basically tasted like I was eating French fries slapped between white bread. It was very dry. The coleslaw was an oil based slaw, whereas I think a mustard or mayo based slaw would have helped with the dryness. I think my boyfriend enjoyed his sandwich and said he'd return again but he's also a vegetarian and loves carbs more than anyone.\'a0\
\
This was my third trip to Pittsburgh and I've had multiple people freak out that I never stopped at Primanti Bros. so that's the main reason why I came here - to say that I did. It didn't do much for me but at least I finally tried it. This is apparently a Pittsburgh staple so if you're visiting the area you might want to check it out. But if you're not really a sandwich person or come from a food-city (like Buffalo NY) then this place can definitely be skipped.My boyfriend and I visited Pittsburgh this past week for a quick 2 day trip. When we arrived, we wanted to get something close to our Airbnb and after driving from Buffalo for 4 hours and visiting The Night of The Living Dead cemetery, we were definitely ready for lunch.\'a0\
\
I ordered a bacon and cheese sandwich and my boyfriend ordered the assorted cheese sandwich. The sandwiches are quite large and arrive to your table on a wrap instead of a plate. What Primanti's is most-known for is the Cole slaw and fries that are also on the sandwiches instead of on the side.\'a0\
\
Unfortunately, I thought my sandwich really lacked flavor and it basically tasted like I was eating French fries slapped between white bread. It was very dry. The coleslaw was an oil based slaw, whereas I think a mustard or mayo based slaw would have helped with the dryness. I think my boyfriend enjoyed his sandwich and said he'd return again but he's also a vegetarian and loves carbs more than anyone.\'a0\
\
This was my third trip to Pittsburgh and I've had multiple people freak out that I never stopped at Primanti Bros. so that's the main reason why I came here - to say that I did. It didn't do much for me but at least I finally tried it. This is apparently a Pittsburgh staple so if you're visiting the area you might want to check it out. But if you're not really a sandwich person or come from a food-city (like Buffalo NY) then this place can definitely be skipped.\
\
}