{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Is there any greater joy than trying a city's food specialty, the thing that locals can't stop talking about? Whether or not you actually love the item is kind of beside the point. When I heard about the Primanti's sandwich and how passionately people felt about this long-standing institution, I knew I had to give it a shot.\'a0\
\
We're talking about a sandwich that comes on slices of white bread, your choice of meat, along with cole slaw and fries IN the sandwich. (Why is it that a local speciality is never a light, good for you, veggie-heavy dish?) You can go with a burger as the meat and then it's a Pittsburger. I went with the roast beef myself, and couldn't help but get a side of chili as well, which ended up being huge. It's a giant, messy sandwich eating experience and you just have to go for it and get your hands dirty. With no sauce on it I'd say it needed a bit more flavor, but it seems like the experts have their own ketchup and/or hot sauce solutions that greatly improve it. I was especially impressed by the cole slaw, which is crunchy and has a great flavor, which is probably due to a ton of sugar in it but I can't be sure.\'a0\
\
I definitely wouldn't suggest getting this to go, as I would imagine that the bread and fries would get soggy immediately. Anyway it's more fun to eat it in this old location which doesn't look like it's ever been remodeled (which I loved), served all messy just on a piece of paper by a hilarious and friendly server.\'a0\
\
Cash only, which isn't my favorite, but also open 24 hours which is just brilliant because though I give the sandwich a B+ at a normal hour, as a late-night snack after a night out I think I'd give it an A++++. A perfect example of an indulgent local treat that you've gotta try at least once!\
\
It's a Pittsburgh classic but the fried on it didn't do it for me. I would still give them another shot if I went back. The service was great and they had a great selection. I would've preferred the fries if they were more crisp and less thick.\
\
No trip to Pittsburgh is complete without a stop at Primanti Bros. \'a0Hugh sandwiches made with fresh bread, your choice of meat, coleslaw and french fries (yes! on the sandwich!). \'a0It was a solid meal an recommended if you are seeking something a little different. \'a0This location is open 24/7 and offers breakfast too.\
\
Weekly stop for me. I'm new to Pittsburgh and love a big sandwich.\
The chili is really good.\
\
We were told this was a must while in Pittsburgh. I got the pittsburger and it was pretty bad. Clearly a cheap frozen party with out any flavor at all. The rest of the sandwich, while creative, did not make up for the low quality meat\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 The first day I landed in Pittsburgh my Uber driver and \'a0few other folks gave a tip to try this place out. Tried the chicken sandwich and fries\'a0\
Pros:\
Open 24 hours\'a0\
Good quantity for price\
\
Cons:\
Sandwich was very dry\
A bit dirty\'a0\
\
Good for native Pittsburgh experience and when you are hell drunk and want something to bite on.\
\
Came in on a late night during the week to get food. Always enjoyed coming to this location since I live in LOLA ( Lower Lawrenceville ) and this is supposed to be a prime staple of the Steel City. I do agree with some reviews the place is filthy and dirty.... being a germaphob I somehow always seem to put the griminess of this location aside and eat here anyways until... as walking out the late week night I came in a pleasant little mouse \'a0popped from underneath of one of the coolers or cooking station / prep area stations.\'a0\
\
Needless to say, I haven't been back since because seeing a LIVE mouse , kind of put a nail in the \'a0coffin for me . One of the cities fine Health inspectors needs to take a stroll in here and diligently inspect and evaluate the conditions of this location ( I don't care how old or how great of a Pittsburgh landmark and staple this is ) mice carry harmful diseases that can be passed to humans. In addition to the Health Inspectors and Health Department getting involved this location needs thoroughly scrubbed down , cleaned, and their employees need to wash after they hop back inside from smoking out on the corner and wash their hands after they touch cash and then touch all the food on the line. Sorry Primanti's , but you need to get your cleaning act and rodent problem under control at this location.\'a0\
\
Ciao fellow Yelpers.\
\
OMG...! \'a0What is on this Captain sandwich??? \'a0It tastes AMAZING...!!! \'a0I ordered it w extra slaw but holy hell- it is DELICIOUS...! \'a0You guys need to try this sandwich...!\
\
This is a no frills 24hr sandwich shop in a recovering part of a formerly blighted town. The sandwiches were good but not great and the table service was simple and completely disposable. It seems that they skimp on meat while loading on all other topping however, this may have just been my sandwich. If your looking for a nice and swanky sit down artisanal sandwich shop this is not it. Also, it is generally crowded and small, and lacking any sort of ambiance. However, it is an honest working class bar with decent food at decent prices. But as a side note the bathrooms are down a long, steep, and narrow flight of stairs.\
\
I don't like cole slaw ... so each and every time I ask for no cole slaw I get a dirty look. \'a0Service is usually hit or missed and directly correlated with how busy it is, although a couple of non-busy times I could have sworn my distaste for cole slaw caused our service to be lacking.\
\
So let's get to the food. \'a0I've had better bread. \'a0I've had better fries. \'a0So I can't justify the dollars to taste ratio for this particular establishment. \'a0So many of my friends swear by this place and it just boggles my mind that I can't be moved by it. \'a0Yeah, I'll give it another shot or two ... but so far I'm just not impressed.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
}