{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Love love love this place. It's open 24 hours and on New Years. This was my first time in Pittsburgh and everyone told me to go here. This is what Pitt is known for. Typically when people tell me I have to try a staple of a certain city, I am left disappointed because it's overhyped, the wait is typically forever, and the food is not THAT good. However Primanti Bros was not overhyped for nothing.\'a0\
\
I walk in and there's open seating everywhere. It was crowded but not overly crowded. I hate when there's a wait and I see a bunch of open tables. primantis self seating was perfect. The waitress came over right away and got us our drinks. Idk if this time was just not as busy because it's New Year's Day and I was there during the steelers game (they were playing the browns... there's not a worse team in the NFL).\'a0\
\
We ordered. I got 3 sandwiches (Cajun chicken, pastrami, and the pittsburger), and the smallman chilli cheese fries. The fries came out immediately. It was faster than jimmy johns and it was hot and fresh and delicious. The 3 sandwiches came out in less than 5 min after. The service was impeccably quick!\'a0\
\
The smallman chilli cheese fries were topped with chilli, sour cream and bacon. It could honestly use a bit more bacon but they were delicious. The sandwiches all come with Cole slaw and fries stuffed in them. The Cole slaw was perfect, it was not overly flavored so it did not take away from the taste of the meats. The French fries were crispy so it added a bit of a crunch to the sandwich. All the meats were perfectly cooked to the right tenderness. They were evenly cut on halves and served to us on plastic wrap and not a plate. I prefer this because it's more economical.\'a0\
\
For $7, these sandwiches are ridiculously filling, I couldn't even finish each half out of the 3 sandwiches that I ordered.\
\
Highly recommend coming here. If I'm ever back in Pittsburgh, this will definitely be my first stop again!\
\
This is one of my absolute favorite places to eat! \'a0Everything - the service, the atmosphere and the food is all fantastic. \'a0If you are craving a Pittsburgh Sammich there is really no where else you can go.\
It is exactly as described... fast, fresh food with fries and slaw on the sandwich. The food comes out very quickly so there were a lot of people doing to go orders. The staff was friendly and attentive. It can get VERY crowded so if you don't want to wait, you really need to plan to go during a slow time. They are open 24 hours, so we went for breakfast but I don't mind a big sandwich and some chili cheese fries for breakfast. What better way to start the day?\
The cook was such a nice guy, plus he wasn't bad looking either. The food was made right in front of you (if you're sitting at the counter), so you know how your food is being prepared. The food is, what it is. Meat, slaw, bread, fries cheese etc. And lots of it. I only ate half of my sandwich. It was ok. Nothing super special. But I was told I had to go there when in Pittsburgh.\
Every time I return to Pittsburgh, I come here. Every time, I get the same thing. Sardine and cheese with an egg. Always fresh and satisfying. Very affordable. The staff is also friendly.\
I went to college in Pittsburgh so I have been before and missed it. \'a0Was in cleveland for a business trip and drove to Pittsburgh just for it. \'a0It did not disappoint. \'a0One of the most unique sandwiches I have ever had. \'a0Would never think that Cole slaw and French fries would be so good but it is. \'a0A must for anybody visiting Pittsburgh as this is something you can only get here.\
It's Primanti's. It's a gem. A Pittsburgh legend. You're visiting from out of town? Then Primanti's you MUST go.\
\
Normally, I hit up the Southside location to get my primanti's fix, but I was in the strip and we wanted something filling and cheap, so we came here. I got the turkey sandwich with a fried egg and my boyfriend got the steak. We both adored them, as we always do. The amount of food you get for the amount of money you pay, is insane. The bread is so fresh and everything is ALWAYS tasty. Plus, the staff is friendly and that's always a bonus.\
\
If you haven't always tried Primanti's, then you must. There really isn't another choice.\
\
Great vibe and great food! If your in the Pittsburgh area you have to stop in and get a sandwich.\
\
stopped here tonight \'a0for a beer and a burger and is was good....meet crystal the barmaid and she couldn't have been nicer.....what a pleasure....the P.B.R/'s were cold and the burger was tasty....great coleslaw...different !....nice crowd, friendly and a cool atmosphere! \'a0 restroom was clean and looking into the kitchen...well I approve....def. check out this place when your in town\
\
I've been in Pittsburgh for 3 days and I have eaten primanti brothers everyday. I'm about to go again now for breakfast. When people tell you you have to eat here when you come to Pittsburgh they are CORRECT.\
\
Only complaint I have was the "pittsburger" sandwich... that hamburger patty is not good. It's pretty gross. I don't know how it's a best seller. Acquired taste maybe. BUT the roast beef, hot sausage, kielbasa.... TO DIE FOR.\
\
I am a Pittsburgher and love the original Primantis. It is a Pittsburgh staple and serves great food. Personally, I like the roast beef and the fish sandwiches. High quality consistent ingredients make for a yummy sandwich!\
\
I can see why everyone I knew from Pittsburgh urged me to go here.\'a0\
So much Americana.\'a0\
And my god, why don't every sandwich shop across the nation offer fries as toppings? I'm also a big fan of cole slaw. So fries, slaw, meat stacked between thick slices of soft italian bread?\'a0\
Doesn't even matter meats arent the best quality.\'a0\
I got pittsburger and it was just thin regular patties you see in fast food or diner joints but the other stuff are what makes this sandwich great.\
Srly a must for anyone new to town! You'll likely crave it when you go back home.\'a0\
Anyways I enjoyed every minute of eating that sandwich. And so should everyone.\'a0\
\
Also the staff who were there are very friendly!\
\
Classic spot in Pittsburgh. The other locations don't beat this one. Original is always best. Very nice cook and attentive and sweet server, I got the capicola and cheese. Bread is fresh, fries cooked to perfection.\'a0\
\
Much love primantis :)}