{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Love this place and so does the internet Was reading an article this morning, about 60 Iconic U.S. Restaurants you must try before you die and there was Primanti's alphabetically listed by state #47 Love the food and atmosphere Its good to be from Pittsburgh\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 I kept reading about Primanti Brothers on suggested places to eat when visiting Pittsburgh so I had to try it out. I got the kielbasa and cheese sandwich which was very good. My only suggestion is less coleslaw on the sandwich which isn't a big deal because I can easily just remove some. My husband got the Pittsburger, and he loved it. He was in Pittsburgh last month on a business trip and went to two other locations which he didn't care for. He said that the location in the strip district area (surrounded by warehouses) makes the sandwiches the best! Next time I visit Pittsburgh, I will be returning to this location to try another sandwich!\
\
I was super excited to try this place out on my first trip to PA. A coworker described the sandwiches as "unique". Right up my alley. We went in on a Tuesday night after a long day of meetings and driving. Great beer selection and all types of delicious menu items. I went for the Cappicola Salami with extra meat and an egg. Why not? Beer, salami and an egg... \'a0The filling part of the sandwich was great but the bread was not up to par for me. Bread makes the sandwich. It can also kill a sandwich. Dry bread that was sort of Texas toasty. 4 stars for a cool atmosphere and great sandwich fillings and a beer menu. I will try again next time I'm in town.\
\
Definitely a must when you're in the Pittsburgh area. This place is set up to represent the city of Pittsburgh, with good food served by good people at a good price point. I got the vegetarian option (the deluxe egg/cheese) and it hit the spot--and was surprisingly flavorful with the different sauces. The people I was with loved the options they got, and everyone left full (and possibly ready to take a nap). I'm personally a big fan of fries on anything, but as a heads up, the fries can get a bit soggy over time.\'a0\
\
Overall, as someone who's never had a huuuge craving for sandwich, i was pleasantly surprised by the great service and comfort food!\
\
During a convention in Pittsburgh we had to try Primanti. \'a0It was great. \'a0Whoa, tiger, back it down, I had better explain a bit more. \'a0The food was good, let's not get too crazy here. \'a0You pick a meat, a decent quality meat, not great, they warm it on the grill, Slap it on some really good french bread, add a fist of coleslaw throw some fresh fries on top and call it a sammy. \'a0\
\
So the quality of ingredients is good, meat was good, bread great, fried and slaw good. \'a0But the coolness factor adds a star and the price can't be beat. \'a0We both got large sandwiches for about 8 bucks. \'a0I'm definitely a fan, and will go back if I'm in town. \'a0I wish there was a four and a half stars, that's what I would give, but, without that option, I have to round down, because to get a five from me is tough. \'a0Nothing wrong with a four stars, and I would wholeheartedly recommend this location. \'a0We got there late, and the server was awesome, great guy. \'a0The atmosphere was great, and it's just so gosh darn cool.\
\
Go!\
\
The sandwiches are fantastic unfortunately the atmosphere isn't something to strive for, but that's not the point! It's a city classic hole in the wall. It's a standard every time I go to Pittsburgh!\
\
This was a real treat. \'a0Watch the visits on TV from that one Travel Chanel guy who's name will be not said, but you know who I am talking about. \'a0It was good and the ladies working the place made the place. \'a0So happy I finally got to go there.\
\
This place was delicious. I am glad that me and my husband decided to drive a different route home to stop in and try the food.\
\
Had to give it 5 stars just for the tradition it brings to the Burgh. Sandwiches and fries were great, very nice server and my son who is Pittsburgh obsessed was in 7th heaven. Yinz guys gotta go if your in the Burgh....\
Ok. We did it.\'a0\
\
Came here mid-afternoon and still had a line...I thought that was a good sign. Sometimes a deli type place doesn't have alcohol, they had a decent bottled beer selection, so +1 there...\
\
As for the main attraction...the sammiches... We tried three of them...\
\
All of them feature thick white/italian bread a pile of fries, a pile of slaw, a couple tomatoes and then you basically are just picking which meat you want to be under that pile...\
\
Pittsburgher - the worst of the three, a very bad burger, I'd prefer a middle school lunch patty.\
\
Jumbo (Bologna) - this actually went well with the pile of stuff and acted as a nice complement, If I was go come again I'd strongly consider this one.\
\
The Capone- this had multiple different meats and was ridiculous just on sheer volume... It wasn't bad, but I'd never try it again...\
\
So, if you've never been you should definitely go, it's worth it for the experience and sheer largesse at very fair prices, but I don't expect I'll hit it again unless I come back with someone who's never been....\
\
The original Pittsburgh sandwich is no joke. There's reasons why this place has lines out the door. Absolute perfection between two pieces of bread gives this place amazing feel. When you see pictures of famous people there, it's gotta be good. This place makes you feel like you're home in Pittsburgh. Just pure sandwich bliss\
\
}