{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 It's the best sandwich with French fries. If you like cornbeef this is the best spot in pgh\
\
Always love Primantis ! \'a0My favorite part of there sandwiches is the coleslaw, it adds a nice crunch to the sandwich!\
\
Arrived from CA, was told I needed to stop by before I leave. One of the best advice given. \'a0Crew was great and sandwiches are awesome. My advice to anyone who comes in, \'a0the menu is above the grill and on the wall. You can tell who's not from around when asking for a menu. \'a0Definitely coming back.\
First time there, so good :) great food great people, we went back the next Day !! Wish Texas had one..\
\
I was always proud of this place because of its popularity without having ever tried it. \'a0Being a big Pittsburgh sports fan I knew that this was a highly revered place. \'a0Unfortunately it's not any good. \'a0It'll fill you up at least. \'a0Now they have other franchise locations popping up around my hometown, and I can't fathom why. \'a0I'd go to Chipotle or some other chain if I'm in a pinch for lunch before I'd go here.\
If you visited pitt and didn't try primantis did you really do your trip right?! Primantis is bomb.\
The food was okay there l. Nothing to special but okay. The cook and the cashier were complete jag offs yelled at me 5 different times even though I was following there directions. They were completely and underly rude to me and belittled me. I would never go back there just because of the piss poor service they had and the terrible way they treat their costumers.\
\
We were in town this last weekend to watch a Steeler's game and we had to make a stop at Primanti Bros. \'a0We had a couple cheese steak and roast beef sandwiches and some Yuengling's. \'a0Per usual the service is excellent the food comes out pretty quick. \'a0\
\
This is a popular place so if you are coming on a weekend (Especially during football season) then expect to wait in line. \'a0Otherwise go mid-week. \'a0Also this is a place for meat and potato lovers!!\
\
Toni H. took care of our group and got us seated pretty quickly. \'a0And of course we had to take some pic's with her. \'a0 This is a must have if you are in Pittsburgh.\
\
I had a yearning for their hand-cut fries on this cold evening and my husband just wanted a quick bowl of chili. We didn't have time for one of the legendary sandwiches, and I like my fries plain. They have "Primanti fries" which are smothered with cheese and topped with bacon, but as I said, hand-cut fries with the skins on are perfect on their own.\'a0\
\
We had 15 minutes to spare and had to be in and out. Service is always fast and the order appeared in front of us in about 2 minutes.\'a0\
\
The mural, caricatures on the wall, tin ceiling, team logos, everything black and gold screams "tourist trap" and it is always recommended for first-time \'a0visitors to Pittsburgh, but the prices, food and local clientele says otherwise. Doesn't disappoint. This IS Pittsburgh.\
\
Love it!\
\
Dined here on October 23. Service was good, and the caricatures on the walls were super cute. Ordered the pastrami & cheese with a coke. The taste was fine, but nothing super unique. Not sure what all the hype is about. Apparently credit cards are accepted now, and one can get double meat for $1.99. Recommend anyone who has a good appetite to get that option. It's basically a regular sized sandwich on soft white bread with french fries, cabbage with mayo & meat. The cabbage with mayo seemed to be the biggest layer. They have a parking lot for customers, but depending on how many people are dining there, maybe small.\
\
most overrated restaurant in pittsburgh. they pay lots in advertising and sponsorships! that's all\
\
Primantis can be hit or miss.\'a0\
Make sure you go during slower periods of the day and try to eat the sandwich at the restaurant if you can so everything will be fresh or the food gets soggy and rather quickly.\
\
Great sandwiches. Very filling. Excellent service. Fast production. We came at 1230 on a Sunday (Steelers were out of town and a night game) and got our food in about 5-10 min. Amazing. Definitely recommend.}