{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Location: Of much debate. The "Original" Primanti's is in the Strip District. Known to be a meal on a bun, they used to service workers (train/freight/trucking industry) in the middle of the night with their sandwiches. Sadly all locations are of the same corporate quality control. A Primanti's here will taste the same as in Florida or Michigan, complete with sides that never existed on the original menu.\
\
Facility: To be fair here are a few of my favorite locations:\
Oakland: Great for a sandwich and tall beer to kick off a study crunch in the heart of Pitt.\
Strip District: A must do after late night clubbing or a good eat post 3a downtown walking distance.\
Market Square: Good people watching outside, lively with many tv's with sports audio.\
PNC Park: My favorite even without a horse in the race. Combine a Pittsburgher, Yeungling and a seat out of the rain and soak in the beauty of the "Arsenal of Democracy" skyline.\
\
Food/Drink: At these original locations the menu isn't as chain-esque. You have pickle option, fried foods, egg add on (must do.)\
The sandwich is comprised of a processed beef patty, fries (not sure if fresh cut), tomatos (hit or miss on quality), and cole slaw (thick cabbage style also hit or miss on quality)\
\
Drink: The No. 1 best seller. Tall pour, fair prices on beer drafts. Liquor is too expensive and under poured. A shot is 1.5oz no matter what your new ownership commands!\'a0\
\
Service: In these locations these guys rock. They are hard working Pittsburgh folk who stand behind their product, stories of our city and have that friendly tough look that keeps the tourists in line.\'a0\
\
Conclusion: If this is your first time in the city go to Market Square. It's the same experience without the Pittsburgh paraphernalia unless your already exploring the Strip (am must do)\
\
As an out of towner I got lost of recommendation as this is a Pittsburgh must. The sandwiches and fries were so good. In Ohio we are used to creamy cole slaw so know that it's not the same but still really good!! The portions are so big and I love the atmosphere.\
\
I wish I could give this location 10 stars!! This is the best one for sure! From the fresh slices of bread NOT toasted! Yes, that's how us Yinzers like it. And for the Midwest weirdos us Yinzers don't want you here so stay in your cornfields. Bahaha The french fries are perfect. Everything about Primanti's is perfect! I wouldn't change a thing!!!\
\
Sandwiches are tasty after a night out, I really like the bar specials at the South Hills location for happy hour.\
\
I haven't been in for a while, but it was every bit as good as it has always been.\
\
I had a ham and egg and cheese sandwich and I had good service a great sandwich and got it out in a hurry.\
\
It was right at dinner time on a busy beautiful fall Saturday after noon, but they were able to keep things moving. I sat at the bar right by the grill as I often do when I have a chance to stop in. It's always fun to watch them prepare everything while you're sitting there.\
\
Some Rockies from out of town came in it was fun to watch them try to figure out what the place is all about! I gave them a little coaching and the guy that waited on and did a great job of explaining how unique the place is.\
\
Primantis is a favorite of mine from growing up. I love visiting and eating sandwiches off of parchment paper and drinking out of papers cups. The simplistic style that Primantis takes is amazing. Never have I had bad or sub par food here. The prices are cheap and you get so much food. The small man street fries and a pittsburgh cheese steak is the perfect comfort food. Service is always good and the drink are better.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Been waiting a while to try this place since seeing it in TV. Was finally in Pittsburgh and went to the original. It didn't disappoint. The service was great and the food even better. A bit greasy, but that's what your getting into. The ingredients were fresh and it's definitely a city staple. I even grabbed another sandwich at PNC park while watching a game. Can't say much about the other locations, but if you can, head to the original.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 I knew how popular Primanti Bros. sandwiches were for locals, tourists, and anyone who comes to the Pittsburgh area. \'a0I was going to just try it once at the original Strip District location and not try it ever again. \'a0\
\
Of course, what happens? \'a0I end up eating a sandwich every day that I stayed in the city, including buying a sandwich for the road before heading out. \'a0\
\
What makes these sandwiches so great and craveable? \'a0No not cocaine laced in the meats but it just simply works. \'a0The fries, slaw, meat, and bread just works together well. \'a0And one sandwich is all you need to get full. \'a0I wouldn't recommend eating two because that will lead to regrettable overeating stomach pains.\
\
I did enjoy the old school vibe of the original location as I saw a bunch of old regulars sitting at their stools when I came in. \'a0Also very old school style: they yelled out to the dining room to tell that a car in the parking lot had left their headlights on. \'a0Priceless and not something you see every day when you sit in your average restaurant.\
\
I've had the Capone with capicola, salami, and Italian sausage, the Jumbo Bologna, and the corned beef. \'a0All were equally delicious and satisfying. \'a0I'm so lucky that Primanti's is not on the West Coast because I'd become a fatty in absolutely no time. \'a0So yes I'll miss your delicious sandwiches but at the same time, I won't miss your starchy calories as much as I enjoy eating them.\
\
I definitely recommend going to the Strip District location as it is worth seeing the place where it all started. \'a0The environment and atmosphere of the original really can't be duplicated anywhere else.\
\
Loved this place. Great food. Lots of it and tasty. Had the Pitts Burger and was awesome. Enjoyed the friendliness of the staff and how quickly I was served. Definitely will come back here.\
\
Pretty good sandwich, but could use more meat. \'a0Sandwich was mostly fries and slaw. \'a0The French fries were great and bread was fresh. \'a0This location gets busy, so give yourself plenty of time.\
\
Very good sandwich, and great service. \'a0This is a must visit place for a true cheesesteak sandwich!\
\
As a born and raised Pittsburgher, I feel like it's a must for me to give Primanny's (as we yinzers say) a 5 star rating. If this is your first time visiting, I highly recommend visiting the original location in the Strip District as there's just something more magical about the experience. Take a walk around the place and admire all of the famous Pittsburghers from Mr. Rogers to Mario Lemieux.\'a0\
\
Pro Tip: Don't order your fries or slaw on the side, you might just get yelled at!\
\
Any time I visit Primanti's, I always go with the # 1 and # 2 seller. Iron City Beer and a Pittsburgher (Steak) sandwich. If you're really hungry, add an egg. Don't forget to add the Red Devil hot sauce, as it completes the sandwich.\'a0\
\
It usually is packed on the weekends, especially on Steeler game day, but it's a pretty quick turnaround. Great sandwich, and great establishment!\
\
It's Primanti's, so it's like the thing to experience for the tourists because I guess putting fries on a gigantic burger is unique, but let's be honest, other than that, this place is just another corporate entity that is running off of nostalgia and the name value. Honestly, apart from the mountainous portions, it's not that much different from something you'd get at a fast food place.\
\
So yeah, the beer is cheap if that's your thing (it's not mine), and the sandwiches are massive and filling, but there's better food to be had elsewhere in this great city.\
}