{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 On a vacation in Pittsburgh and we'd been recommended this spot by a few people. Got there at about noon, there were about twenty people in the line for seating. We were doing take out and were directed straight to the cash register\
\
The place: decorated like a regular bar/restaurant with some cool art work and a meal of famous Pittsburgh(ers?)\
\
Staff: The service was top notch. Everyone in the staff was super friendly and courteous\
\
Food: unfortunately, worst part of the experience. We got a Pittsburgher, a capicola and a pastrami sandwich. The opinion from all three of us was that the whole thing needed a bit more spices and salt. My capicola was supposed to be spicy but it was just totally bland. Overall it's just tasted like some cheap deli sandwich and not something that should be putting Pittsburgh on the sandwich map\
\
We were told to visit the ORIGINAL Primanti Bros in Pittsburgh, so we did. \'a0Wow! It really is a totally different experience. \'a0The food was so good and the atmosphere and history was really cool. \'a0The food honestly speaks for itself, but the experience is what this location is all about. \'a0There is parking at the restaurant, but there's plenty of parking all around. \'a0It's a neat area to visit, we wouldn't have gone there if it hadn't been for Primanti Bros!\
\
We were visiting Pittsburgh and have always heard the stories about Primamti's from friends and The Travel Channel so we decided to hit the original location in the strip district. \'a0I got the Pitts-burger (#2 best seller) with egg. \'a0I wasn't so sure about piling everything on a sandwich but everyone raves about it.\
\
It's definitely a cultural experience! The sandwich was huge and tasty. \'a0I'm fussy about \'a0cole slaw and it did not disappoint.\'a0\
\
The menu tells you the history of how it started and you can hear the pride that the locals have with this place. \'a0We got to see Toni who has been here for decades and was on the segment aired on The Travel Channel. You should definitely stop by and taste what the locals are crazy about!\
I really don't understand why people love this place so much. I appreciate that it's a nod to the history of Pittsburgh but it truly does the 'Burgh a disservice by being so flavorless. Add some seasoning or dressings or something to the sandwiches, please! I added one star back because the restaurants are an okay place to go for beer and a good vibe.\
THIS is the best primantis of them all! I had the pastrami and cheese and it was delicious. I would definitely recommend this one! It's a good sized sandwich and don't forget to ask for onions. We got their chili cheese fries on the side which are nothing special but still good. And this place is open 24 hours!\
Trying really hard, but just not what it once was before opening 42 more locations. 42? Yup. The slide started when the Oakland location opened and you may as well stop in at any other national chain as here. It's a familiar model:\
\
1. Add locations based on a really good idea and a fabulous reputation.\'a0\
\
2. Water down that reputation with inconsistent quality across stores and cutting costs to enhance profitability.\
\
3. Remove the heart and soul of the dining experience. In this case by spreading something that was uniquely Pittsburgh across Pennsylvania and into 6 other states.\
\
Once as much a Pittsburgh icon as our sports teams and bridges, visiting Primanti's is now more of a 'said I did it' than the unique eating experience it once was. Might as well go to Applebees.\
Great atmosphere, good food. Definitely would recommend. Only thing I would say is that I wish they would toast their bread. Everything on the sandwich makes the bread soggy after awhile.\
\
First of all I've never had a bad sandwich from here! \'a0Yes I understand people hate cash only and don't like how crowded it is but it will remain a staple of Pittsburgh. It's more than the fries on top that make this a great sandwich, it's the bread and premium meats cooked fresh that make them great!\
\
Great food and friendly service. This is an old school vibe place that makes me feel truly American and I loved the fact that various types of people visited (we were a group of Arab/Mexican/White ladies) \'a0for one common cause--a good meal! The food was beyond belief...fries in a sandwich!?! \'a0I stuck with the steak and cheese and a side of chili cheese fries, both great! I will be back next time I am in town!\
}