{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 This is a nice addition to the area. I am from Pittsburgh and have one close to me, but when I am passing though I like to stop it. Fast service and great Pizza! The Primantis pizza is a hidden gem. Also, the burgers are huge and delicious.\
\
Wonderful food just like every time i go there. Just remember the online menu is not the same as in restaurant no kids menu either loved it though.\
\
Not good - after nearly finishing the first half of my sandwich I noticed MOLD!! Totally gross and completely unacceptable. First time here and will NEVER return. Nasty and stomach totally turned over this experience - be careful if you come here - you've been warned!!\
\
A notch below great. However because of its origins in Pittsburgh it's a good idea to stop by for a sandwich if you're in the city. The Pitts- burger is definitely the go to especially because it is the #2 best seller.\
\
5 stars for atmosphere, nostalgic, food and service.\
Pastrami sandwich one of the best cuts of pastrami I've had to date.\
Service was fast and attentive. \'a0Being in the food service industry myself, they do great.\
I'd like to see some of the people on here complaining about service try to keep up with the masses ordering sandwiches non stop and keep a smile on your face for 8 hours....be easy on these guys. It ain't easy feeding drunk people all night long!\
Will be back next time in Pitt!\
\
This was a disappointing place. The food was awful and service was absolutely the worst I've experienced.\
\
I love Primanti's. There are a few locations, depending on the one you go to, and the time of day there is an open bar, live music, and a place to dance. Also you most love a 2 fist-ed sandwich with everything on it.\
\
Primantis is what it is. \'a0You either like the food or not. \'a0I happen to like it. \'a0The bar at this location has great drink specials.\
\
Came here because NOTHING else is open in Pittsburgh after the bars close. I'm a vegetarian, and the options available are slim to none. Got the double egg and cheese, and it was bland - absolutely no flavor whatsoever. Came here with friends who ordered the "Ragin' Cajun" and pastrami. They weren't impressed either. Both friends disliked the large pieces of bread. I agreed with them on the entire lack of flavor.\'a0\
\
I don't know why people recommend this place, but they need to stop. This place is not good and not worth coming to. If they'd like to improve, add some FLAVOR to the sandwiches! Consider garlic, onion, spices, mayo, salt....these things are important in enhancing food.\
\
Would not recommend to others.\
\
The family came here from Southern California and we loved the atmosphere, fun staff and good food. \'a0I had the Ragin Cajun sandwich, which was good, but the Pastrami has a nice smokey flavor and nothing here was small. \'a0Definitely a must when in Pittsburgh, great historical location you have to experience.\
\
The strip is a must stop for any tourist visiting Pittsburgh. Primanti's is a legend so we had to stop for lunch. The sandwich was delicious as was the chili. The place is dumpy but the service was quick.\
\
A myth, a legend, and all all-out nostalgic fest. Eerily reminiscent of old school dives and diners which parade the highways of the east coast, which added even more to the charm.\
\
Exceptional, salt-of-the-earth service from the folks that work there. And the sandwich lived up to all expectations. A classic, meaty taste that touches to the heart of Pittsburgh (or perhaps your literal heart, clogged arteries and all)\
\
Did not eat at this location but couldn't find the location to Yelp my review. Still wanted to review Primanti Bros. I forgot the name of my order but it's there most popular sandwiches. It had cheeseburger and fries and I had the cole slaw on the side. It was tasteful and delicious. Would highly recommend trying Primanti Bros\
\
}