{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 If you are drunk and hungry it is delicious. Tried it sober once and it wasn't very good!\
\
Iconic restaurant. Visiting from Houston. A must if in Pittsburgh. Go to the original. We shared a jumbo bologna sandwich and were still full. We removed some of the fries and Coke slaw so we could savor the bologna.\
\
\'a0ve been to Pittsburgh many times, this was my first visit and it was great !! Had the Pittsburger, and it was all it was hyped up to be !! Delicious and a must do in the burg !! Friendly staff, a truly iconic place , in my favorite part of Pittsburgh, strip district and Primanti brothers are amazing !!\
\
Sooo good. The pastrami is delicious and the burger is tasty. Line was long but moved very quickly. Everyone was super excited nice and helpful. Loved it!\
\
Not a fan of fries on my sandwich. Got the t-shirt as a gift.\
\
It was alright. We had so many people from Pittsburgh recommend this place- everyone we asked about one thing we can't miss went on and on about trying Primanti's. It wasn't horrible but I'm sure the street vendor down the block selling fried rice was better. I didn't understand all the hype.\
\
Easy 4stars. Idk bout it being 5 stars. Fries are a bit too greasy and the steak/beef sandwich (not their signature sandwich) is a bit of a mess.\'a0\
\
Don't get me wrong the flavors are good but it's like when people wear too many designer labels to create the facade that they're wealthy. Yeah, that's their sandwich. Don't need all that hoopla. IMO\
\
Greates restaurant of all time there is a reason why this restaurant is featured on food Channel all the time. If you come you must order a Pittsburger and a iron city beer.\
\
When I accompanied my husband on a business trip to Pittsburgh I spent the days eating and drinking my way through this delightful town.\
I spent my first day on "The Strip", and of coarse I had to stop into Primanti Bros! I sat at the little counter and enjoyed chili cheese fries, beer and conversation with the servers!\
\'a0Obviously I still dream about the chili cheese fries and can not wait to visit again! I wish I could remember the \'a0name of the woman that I chatted with, she has been working there for years and was so sweet!\
\
I'm not a native pittsburgher, maybe that's the problem, but I found the sandwiches with the coleslaw and french fries really disgusting. I've tried it several times, at different locations, and pretty much the same at all locations.... I guess I just don't get it\
\
We came to the original Primanti Bros. in downtown Pittsburgh off the strip. Busy and crowded but fast seating and service. Sandwich were exactly as we had seen on the food shows , big and delicious\
\
This is a true landmark institution of Pittsburgh! \'a0 Trust the way they make their sandwiches and you will have an amazing meal! \'a0I highly recommend going to the original location and it is always open!}