{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 This was obviously a must on my trip to Pittsburgh to stop in at the original Primanti Bros. Holy moly I was not disappointed. We were seated very quickly which was impressive because they were slammed. Once we were seated our waiter was very friendly and our food came out quickly. Between the two of us we shared the Smallman Street Fries and the Capicola sandwich. I'm so glad we split them because it was an enormous amount of food and even splitting it we couldn't finish everything. It was incredibly delicious and a great nostalgic feel going to the original location. Will definitely be stopping here on my next trip to PGH!\
\
Have been to this location twice. Inattentive staff so when you actually have the attention of the waitstaff, don't forget anything...or it'll be an exercise in frustration! \'a0On the other hand, the staff was friendly enough and efficient for such a busy place. Don't expect plates or utensils. \'a0(It's a great way to keep their costs down.) First time, I ordered a Pitts-burger. Meat was like a dry, flavorless hockey puck. Reminded me of school lunch 25 years ago. Second time I was there, had an Angus sirloin steak (not a solid piece or a pressed patty, as I expected, but more like chipped meat pieces piled together) and it was awesome! Delicious! \'a0Saved my experience. Fries piled on top and I love the vinegar based coleslaw. Bam! Could eat it all day! And I tried my sons Colossal fish: deep fried heaven.\
\
Not even ashamed that I ate two meals here in a span of twelve hours. If you don't know what to expect when you arrive you may be overwhelmed. Everything there is served on paper and you pay at the counter when you go to leave after you have been waited on. I went to the original Strip District location for the original experience and sat at the bar. It was the same day as a Steelers game so it was packed, but had such an electric and spirited vibe. For lunch I had the capicola & cheese and for dinner enjoyed the pastrami & cheese. What makes these sandwiches unique is that they are made right in front of you and topped with slaw, tomato, and fresh cut french fries on French bread. The only decision you really have to make is what kind of meat you want on it. I clearly loved it since I ate there twice and maybe have had dreams of it since the occasion. I want more and I want it soon. Great for tourists and locals alike.\
\
I never go to Primantis I just end up here around 2am because I'm hungry after a night out and what other way to eat a meal than on a sandwich? A Primanti sandwich isn't just a sandwich as it has all the fixings in between two slices of bread. I always opt to go for the turkey sandwich. At first I was weary about the fries on the sandwich but what real Pittsburgher wouldn't? There's no need to even get a side of fries because the side is on the sandwich. I give this three stars as it's not really my go to. Primantis is a Pittsburgh staple but if it was anywhere else it wouldn't work.\
\
Wow...for a guy visiting from Los Angeles this place was amazing. Had the Pitts-burger and it didn't disappoint. If you're visiting make sure you stop here at least once.\
\
A really popular burger restaurant in Pittsburgh and there was a long line outside even at noon. We had the Pittsburgh & cheese burger and pastrami's & cheese burger, with former being the 2nd popular. Fun fact: beer is the 1st popular! LOL\'a0\
The burgers were extremely huge, with beef, chips and tomatoes in them. Really yummy!\
\
tried this place based on everyones recommendation of visiting pittsburgh. \'a0Worth trying at least once in your life, if not for the food definitely for the people and the camaraderie. \'a0It's cool just to experience this restaurant with all the steelers fans. Personally did not like the food, but experience was worth it all.\
\
This is a must stop if you are visiting Pittsburgh from what I have been told so of course I made the trip here and was not disappointed. I ordered the Pastrami and added the egg to the sandwich it was unreal. My only complaint was that they didn't have other types of bread to chose from. I ordered the Steak & Cheese to go as well, great choice as well.\
\
I've been to Primanti Brothers a couple times before in Cranberry Township, but yesterday was the 1st time at the original location in the Strip district. My wife and I went around 12:30 on a Friday afternoon. It was jam packed, but we got a seat in less than 5 minutes. Our food arrived in less than 3 minutes! Amazing fast. It was a very tasty meal. We shared a pastrami and a sirloin steak sandwiches. So tasty and filling! \'a0We paid our modest sized bill and left, probably 20 minutes for the whole visit. My only small complaint was the noisiness of the place. Great meal!\
\
Primanti Bros\
\
Highly heralded as THE sandwich place in Pittsburgh, we had to try it out and we went to the one on 18th street where there was a line out the door the day before. It's open 24 hours so the line wont be there all day.\'a0\
\
Street parking makes it tricky if you want to pick up something \'a0quick. One of us stayed in the car around the corner while the other went it to order to make it easier.\
\
We ordered the burger cheesesteak with a fried egg and the roast beef with cheese subs. \'a0The sandwiches come with fries IN the sandwich, and it is rumored that they get irked if you ask for them separate.\'a0\
\
The white bread is soft and fresh on both sandwiches. The roast beef sandwich was better but was missing the cheese or we could not really taste it; next time we would ask for extra cheese to really taste it.\
The fried egg made the burger cheesesteak but still lacked any real flavor. While the ingredients are good and the flavor of the and portions are satisfying, their was a muted feel to both.\'a0\
I think we need to give this place another try before passing final judgement but it was not as impressive as it was made out to be...}