{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 They have Primantis in FL but I decided to try the original in Pittsburgh, PA since I was on my way to the state of IL for a job contract. This is truly a historic landmark where the flavors of its 100 year existence is instilled in its Flat Iron grill. I had the Pastrami sandwich and it was well worth it. \'a0True difference in flavor compared to their location in FL. Loved every bite. I can cross this out of my list of places I've been to in my lifetime in my travels being a foodie\
\
Caught an Uber over from the dahntahn DoubleTree ($7). It'd been years since my last Primanti so I headed over to refresh the memory. I ordered an HBK in homage to the Penguins namesakes; and the reason I was back in the area. The sandwich was good but super filling as might be expected. The ham, bacon, and kielbasa were all delicious. The fries seemed a little flat though. Just not much flavor at all to them. The slaw was crisp and a nice twang. Left satisfied and full. Service was fairly quick and food served equally as timely. They were not busy when I arrived or left. Maybe a handful of tables or bar-seats were occupied. Enjoyed looking at the artwork on the walls.\
\
Delicious, authentic sandwich. Service was great and the atmosphere is very fun. Definitely the place to go when visiting Pittsburgh!\
\
Must be a Pittsburgh thing and like a lot of things here, they know it's not that good but they are just really proud of it. The sandwiches are big yes...which I guess is great if you favor gimmicks over taste. The cole slaw is soggy and non-descript...the fries too were soggy and flavorless and I've had more flavorful corn-beef at an elementary school cafeteria St. Patty's day celebration. Hard pass if I were you.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 This place is a straight up 5. RJ and I stopped here at midnight after the Flyers/Penguins Stadium Series. $5 for parking right outside the door. It\'a0\
was packed, but another couple had 2 empty seats and offered them to us. The employees bust their butts here, and we got waited on and served right away. I had roast beef and RJ had angus steak. RJ told me there would be French fries and slaw on my sandwich, but I had no idea how good that would be. And I expected a roll or toasted bread. It's served on slices of fresh Italian bread and I just loved the way the cold, fluffy bread absorbed all the flavor from the hot roast beef and fries and cold cole slaw. We also ordered cheese fries because the fries are so good. My only regret is that I didn't ask for cheese on my sandwich, I'll know for next time. But a weird thing. The girl who offered us a seat walked out. Her man friend said to us, I should settle up so you don't get stuck with our bill. Then he disappeared, and we never saw him pay which was right \'a0in front of where we were sitting. We made sure their bill wasn't on our check, which it wasn't. $18 for all of that, and I took half of mine home for the next day and it was still delicious!!\
\
\
}