{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Delish sandwiches, but you better go when you're hungry because it's a lot of food! We sat at the bar which was cool to watch them cook. The place fills up quick, so don't go when you're already starving, or plan to get takeout.\
\
I was told by everyone that when visiting Pittsburgh, Primanti Bros is a must-visit, and I agree. \'a0This location is the original and so I made sure this was the one I visited. \'a0I came on a Thursday for lunch and got a table right away. \'a0There is a large variety of sandwiches you can order and they all come with fries and coleslaw on top. \'a0The price is great for the size of the sandwich that you get. \'a0I got the "Joe, Dick, & Stanley" and one of the meats (I believe it was the roast beef) was a strange texture. \'a0Also, it was lacking sauce and was pretty dry considering how much filling is in the sandwich. \'a0However, the staff was friendly. \'a0I definitely recommend trying it at least once if you are a visitor to Pittsburgh!\
\
Whenever I come back to Pittsburgh I always try to come back to this place. Ambiance is great, food is fast, and the sandwiches are great. If your looking for some greasy meat and fries on delicious Mancini bread you can't beat it !\
\
I have first visited to Primanti Bros. in 2009 and don't remember what the sandwiches tasted like. \'a0We went back again in July of this year \'a0on this trip to Pittsburgh and Cleveland and decided to visit it again since we have no recollection of what the hype on the sandwiches from the first visit. \'a0The restaurant was not busy but it took a very long time to get a server and the server was not really \'a0friendly toward us. \'a0He took our orders and came back later with the bill when he saw that we were finished. \'a0 I ordered the New Yorker. My husband ordered the Pitts-burger. My son ordered the Joe,Dick and Stanley. \'a0 My sandwich was soggy with cold fries with not much meat. I tried a little of the Pitts-burger and the hamburger was bland. \'a0My husband thought the Pitts-burger didn't have much taste either so it needed the hot sauce. This might explain why there was a bottle of hot sauce on the table to use. My son said his sandwich was very good but he is a child who always have positive things to say about everything. The sandwich was not memorable the first time and not memorable in a positive way for \'a0taste or service this time. The bathroom was downstairs so you had to walk down the steps to a basement with concrete walls which felt kind of creepy if you are \'a0alone. This is definitely a unique \'a0touristy stop \'a0but it really is over hyped. At least there was free parking!\
\
Yeah, I tried it. The place was old, dingy, and PACKED! So I was excited. Looked at the menu, this prices were cheap, great first date. So I went for the pastrami,fries,slaw and it was Ehhh ok. The food was fresh bread soft, slaw crunchy, fries piled on, but the pastrami...kind of bland. Maybe I been spoiled to all the pastrami spots in NYC but I was a little underwhelmed. Next in town I will give it another shot, because everything else popped. It was a local spot, near the ballparks, cheap eats, open late. I loved the spot, not the sandwich.\
\
Delicious and over the top sandwiches that you should treat yourself to no more than twice a year\'a0\
\
My dad and I were visiting Pittsburgh and saw this place on every "must eat in Pittsburgh" list. So we went and ordered two of their most famous sandwiches: the Pitts burger and the New Yorker.\
\
This place really lives up to the hype. Their sandwiches are ginormous... it's like the size of the my face. Each is piled with thick layers of meat, cheese and FRIES.\'a0\
\
Both sandwiches had the same base- thick white bread, fries, coleslaw, cheese, and onions (by request). The bread was very average. I thought it tasted a little dry actually... the fries were a bit too much, it overpowered the sandwich a bit. I LOVED the coleslaw. It's one of the best coleslaws I've tasted in a sandwich. It added a nice sour and crisp kick to the sandwiches, and it's crisp texture really cuts through the rest of the otherwise soft sandwich. The pitts burger had a very average beef patty as the meat, while the New Yorker had corned beef and pastrami, as well as some mustard. There is so much stuff in each of the sandwiches that the bottom pieces of bread literally got flattened before we even picked it up.\'a0\
\
Honestly, I think that the taste of the sandwiches are themselves 4/5, but the presentation and service at the place gives it a solid 4.5.\
\
The service was very fast - our sandwiches were served in 10-15 min. The staff is very friendly! The presentation of the sandwiches is very good - They are cut in half and served on parchment paper. The sandwiches are very photogenic and perfect for instagram/Snapchat/Yelp or any other social media platforms.\
\
The service was slow and the burger meat is like a meat loaf. The fries taste burnt. All sandwiches are on thick white bread. If you were just coming for a beer maybe it would be better.\
\
This food is over rated. It's only popular because they never close. Fries cold and bland a little salt wouldn't hurt. I'm a chef myself so this was very disappointing. My wife said we would have been off at a fast food drive thru. And they have deserts and chicken wings on the online menu but they didn't have them in the actual restaurant saying everyone isn't the same. Smh\
\
I don't get it. I guess it's a historic place but \'a0in my opinion the sandwich was really pretty poor. \'a0My husband did have a great local beer recommended by our server. It was the highlight of the meal. \'a0I ordered a glass of Chardonnay that was served warm. \'a0 Yuck! \'a0I would recommend trying s different sandwich. On a positive note I thought the slaw on the sandwich was pretty good!\
\
Mandatory stop when in the Burgh. \'a0I've tried most of the menu over the years but stick with the capicola now. \'a0Great sandwich.\
\
No. Just..no. \'a0Decided to go on a lunch adventure during a road trip from Detroit to DC. \'a0My niece found this spot that had been highly rated on the food network, so why not? Well, turns out the fare is HIGHLY overrated. \'a0Service was good, but I was disgusted by the Pitts-burger. \'a0What the hell is that mystery meat? It tasted like cheap, spongy Salisbury steak. \'a0The fries were nothing special, the Cole slaw was drab, and the bread was nothing to write home about.\'a0\
\
I ate half of the sandwich and left highly disappointed. The #1 ordered sandwich?Pittsburgh deserves to be represented better than this. \'a0Gotta wonder how much they paid for their reviews.\
\
I'm not a big deli sandwich but I got the joe, dick and Stanley (or something like that) which was awesome. I split that with the pittsburger (I didn't like the coleslaw burger combination). The coleslaw has a good amount of pepper in it. The chili cheese fries were really good as well. Hopefully, I'll live thru this meal and make it back to eat here again\
\
}