{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8220\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
This was obviously a must on my trip to Pittsburgh to stop in at the original Primanti Bros. Holy moly I was not disappointed. We were seated very quickly which was impressive because they were slammed. Once we were seated our waiter was very friendly and our food came out quickly. Between the two of us we shared the Smallman Street Fries and the Capicola sandwich. I'm so glad we split them because it was an enormous amount of food and even splitting it we couldn't finish everything. It was incredibly delicious and a great nostalgic feel going to the original location. Will definitely be stopping here on my next trip to PGH!\
\
Have been to this location twice. Inattentive staff so when you actually have the attention of the waitstaff, don't forget anything...or it'll be an exercise in frustration! \'a0On the other hand, the staff was friendly enough and efficient for such a busy place. Don't expect plates or utensils. \'a0(It's a great way to keep their costs down.) First time, I ordered a Pitts-burger. Meat was like a dry, flavorless hockey puck. Reminded me of school lunch 25 years ago. Second time I was there, had an Angus sirloin steak (not a solid piece or a pressed patty, as I expected, but more like chipped meat pieces piled together) and it was awesome! Delicious! \'a0Saved my experience. Fries piled on top and I love the vinegar based coleslaw. Bam! Could eat it all day! And I tried my sons Colossal fish: deep fried heaven.\
\
Not even ashamed that I ate two meals here in a span of twelve hours. If you don't know what to expect when you arrive you may be overwhelmed. Everything there is served on paper and you pay at the counter when you go to leave after you have been waited on. I went to the original Strip District location for the original experience and sat at the bar. It was the same day as a Steelers game so it was packed, but had such an electric and spirited vibe. For lunch I had the capicola & cheese and for dinner enjoyed the pastrami & cheese. What makes these sandwiches unique is that they are made right in front of you and topped with slaw, tomato, and fresh cut french fries on French bread. The only decision you really have to make is what kind of meat you want on it. I clearly loved it since I ate there twice and maybe have had dreams of it since the occasion. I want more and I want it soon. Great for tourists and locals alike.\
\
I never go to Primantis I just end up here around 2am because I'm hungry after a night out and what other way to eat a meal than on a sandwich? A Primanti sandwich isn't just a sandwich as it has all the fixings in between two slices of bread. I always opt to go for the turkey sandwich. At first I was weary about the fries on the sandwich but what real Pittsburgher wouldn't? There's no need to even get a side of fries because the side is on the sandwich. I give this three stars as it's not really my go to. Primantis is a Pittsburgh staple but if it was anywhere else it wouldn't work.\
\
Wow...for a guy visiting from Los Angeles this place was amazing. Had the Pitts-burger and it didn't disappoint. If you're visiting make sure you stop here at least once.\
\
A really popular burger restaurant in Pittsburgh and there was a long line outside even at noon. We had the Pittsburgh & cheese burger and pastrami's & cheese burger, with former being the 2nd popular. Fun fact: beer is the 1st popular! LOL\'a0\
The burgers were extremely huge, with beef, chips and tomatoes in them. Really yummy!\
\
tried this place based on everyones recommendation of visiting pittsburgh. \'a0Worth trying at least once in your life, if not for the food definitely for the people and the camaraderie. \'a0It's cool just to experience this restaurant with all the steelers fans. Personally did not like the food, but experience was worth it all.\
\
This is a must stop if you are visiting Pittsburgh from what I have been told so of course I made the trip here and was not disappointed. I ordered the Pastrami and added the egg to the sandwich it was unreal. My only complaint was that they didn't have other types of bread to chose from. I ordered the Steak & Cheese to go as well, great choice as well.\
\
I've been to Primanti Brothers a couple times before in Cranberry Township, but yesterday was the 1st time at the original location in the Strip district. My wife and I went around 12:30 on a Friday afternoon. It was jam packed, but we got a seat in less than 5 minutes. Our food arrived in less than 3 minutes! Amazing fast. It was a very tasty meal. We shared a pastrami and a sirloin steak sandwiches. So tasty and filling! \'a0We paid our modest sized bill and left, probably 20 minutes for the whole visit. My only small complaint was the noisiness of the place. Great meal!\
\
Primanti Bros\
\
Highly heralded as THE sandwich place in Pittsburgh, we had to try it out and we went to the one on 18th street where there was a line out the door the day before. It's open 24 hours so the line wont be there all day.\'a0\
\
Street parking makes it tricky if you want to pick up something \'a0quick. One of us stayed in the car around the corner while the other went it to order to make it easier.\
\
We ordered the burger cheesesteak with a fried egg and the roast beef with cheese subs. \'a0The sandwiches come with fries IN the sandwich, and it is rumored that they get irked if you ask for them separate.\'a0\
\
The white bread is soft and fresh on both sandwiches. The roast beef sandwich was better but was missing the cheese or we could not really taste it; next time we would ask for extra cheese to really taste it.\
The fried egg made the burger cheesesteak but still lacked any real flavor. While the ingredients are good and the flavor of the and portions are satisfying, their was a muted feel to both.\'a0\
I think we need to give this place another try before passing final judgement but it was not as impressive as it was made out to be...\
\
It's the best sandwich with French fries. If you like cornbeef this is the best spot in pgh\
\
Always love Primantis ! \'a0My favorite part of there sandwiches is the coleslaw, it adds a nice crunch to the sandwich!\
\
Arrived from CA, was told I needed to stop by before I leave. One of the best advice given. \'a0Crew was great and sandwiches are awesome. My advice to anyone who comes in, \'a0the menu is above the grill and on the wall. You can tell who's not from around when asking for a menu. \'a0Definitely coming back.\
First time there, so good :) great food great people, we went back the next Day !! Wish Texas had one..\
\
I was always proud of this place because of its popularity without having ever tried it. \'a0Being a big Pittsburgh sports fan I knew that this was a highly revered place. \'a0Unfortunately it's not any good. \'a0It'll fill you up at least. \'a0Now they have other franchise locations popping up around my hometown, and I can't fathom why. \'a0I'd go to Chipotle or some other chain if I'm in a pinch for lunch before I'd go here.\
If you visited pitt and didn't try primantis did you really do your trip right?! Primantis is bomb.\
The food was okay there l. Nothing to special but okay. The cook and the cashier were complete jag offs yelled at me 5 different times even though I was following there directions. They were completely and underly rude to me and belittled me. I would never go back there just because of the piss poor service they had and the terrible way they treat their costumers.\
\
We were in town this last weekend to watch a Steeler's game and we had to make a stop at Primanti Bros. \'a0We had a couple cheese steak and roast beef sandwiches and some Yuengling's. \'a0Per usual the service is excellent the food comes out pretty quick. \'a0\
\
This is a popular place so if you are coming on a weekend (Especially during football season) then expect to wait in line. \'a0Otherwise go mid-week. \'a0Also this is a place for meat and potato lovers!!\
\
Toni H. took care of our group and got us seated pretty quickly. \'a0And of course we had to take some pic's with her. \'a0 This is a must have if you are in Pittsburgh.\
\
I had a yearning for their hand-cut fries on this cold evening and my husband just wanted a quick bowl of chili. We didn't have time for one of the legendary sandwiches, and I like my fries plain. They have "Primanti fries" which are smothered with cheese and topped with bacon, but as I said, hand-cut fries with the skins on are perfect on their own.\'a0\
\
We had 15 minutes to spare and had to be in and out. Service is always fast and the order appeared in front of us in about 2 minutes.\'a0\
\
The mural, caricatures on the wall, tin ceiling, team logos, everything black and gold screams "tourist trap" and it is always recommended for first-time \'a0visitors to Pittsburgh, but the prices, food and local clientele says otherwise. Doesn't disappoint. This IS Pittsburgh.\
\
Love it!\
\
Dined here on October 23. Service was good, and the caricatures on the walls were super cute. Ordered the pastrami & cheese with a coke. The taste was fine, but nothing super unique. Not sure what all the hype is about. Apparently credit cards are accepted now, and one can get double meat for $1.99. Recommend anyone who has a good appetite to get that option. It's basically a regular sized sandwich on soft white bread with french fries, cabbage with mayo & meat. The cabbage with mayo seemed to be the biggest layer. They have a parking lot for customers, but depending on how many people are dining there, maybe small.\
\
most overrated restaurant in pittsburgh. they pay lots in advertising and sponsorships! that's all\
\
Primantis can be hit or miss.\'a0\
Make sure you go during slower periods of the day and try to eat the sandwich at the restaurant if you can so everything will be fresh or the food gets soggy and rather quickly.\
\
Great sandwiches. Very filling. Excellent service. Fast production. We came at 1230 on a Sunday (Steelers were out of town and a night game) and got our food in about 5-10 min. Amazing. Definitely recommend.\
\
Location: Of much debate. The "Original" Primanti's is in the Strip District. Known to be a meal on a bun, they used to service workers (train/freight/trucking industry) in the middle of the night with their sandwiches. Sadly all locations are of the same corporate quality control. A Primanti's here will taste the same as in Florida or Michigan, complete with sides that never existed on the original menu.\
\
Facility: To be fair here are a few of my favorite locations:\
Oakland: Great for a sandwich and tall beer to kick off a study crunch in the heart of Pitt.\
Strip District: A must do after late night clubbing or a good eat post 3a downtown walking distance.\
Market Square: Good people watching outside, lively with many tv's with sports audio.\
PNC Park: My favorite even without a horse in the race. Combine a Pittsburgher, Yeungling and a seat out of the rain and soak in the beauty of the "Arsenal of Democracy" skyline.\
\
Food/Drink: At these original locations the menu isn't as chain-esque. You have pickle option, fried foods, egg add on (must do.)\
The sandwich is comprised of a processed beef patty, fries (not sure if fresh cut), tomatos (hit or miss on quality), and cole slaw (thick cabbage style also hit or miss on quality)\
\
Drink: The No. 1 best seller. Tall pour, fair prices on beer drafts. Liquor is too expensive and under poured. A shot is 1.5oz no matter what your new ownership commands!\'a0\
\
Service: In these locations these guys rock. They are hard working Pittsburgh folk who stand behind their product, stories of our city and have that friendly tough look that keeps the tourists in line.\'a0\
\
Conclusion: If this is your first time in the city go to Market Square. It's the same experience without the Pittsburgh paraphernalia unless your already exploring the Strip (am must do)\
\
As an out of towner I got lost of recommendation as this is a Pittsburgh must. The sandwiches and fries were so good. In Ohio we are used to creamy cole slaw so know that it's not the same but still really good!! The portions are so big and I love the atmosphere.\
\
I wish I could give this location 10 stars!! This is the best one for sure! From the fresh slices of bread NOT toasted! Yes, that's how us Yinzers like it. And for the Midwest weirdos us Yinzers don't want you here so stay in your cornfields. Bahaha The french fries are perfect. Everything about Primanti's is perfect! I wouldn't change a thing!!!\
\
Sandwiches are tasty after a night out, I really like the bar specials at the South Hills location for happy hour.\
\
I haven't been in for a while, but it was every bit as good as it has always been.\
\
I had a ham and egg and cheese sandwich and I had good service a great sandwich and got it out in a hurry.\
\
It was right at dinner time on a busy beautiful fall Saturday after noon, but they were able to keep things moving. I sat at the bar right by the grill as I often do when I have a chance to stop in. It's always fun to watch them prepare everything while you're sitting there.\
\
Some Rockies from out of town came in it was fun to watch them try to figure out what the place is all about! I gave them a little coaching and the guy that waited on and did a great job of explaining how unique the place is.\
\
Primantis is a favorite of mine from growing up. I love visiting and eating sandwiches off of parchment paper and drinking out of papers cups. The simplistic style that Primantis takes is amazing. Never have I had bad or sub par food here. The prices are cheap and you get so much food. The small man street fries and a pittsburgh cheese steak is the perfect comfort food. Service is always good and the drink are better.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Been waiting a while to try this place since seeing it in TV. Was finally in Pittsburgh and went to the original. It didn't disappoint. The service was great and the food even better. A bit greasy, but that's what your getting into. The ingredients were fresh and it's definitely a city staple. I even grabbed another sandwich at PNC park while watching a game. Can't say much about the other locations, but if you can, head to the original.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 I knew how popular Primanti Bros. sandwiches were for locals, tourists, and anyone who comes to the Pittsburgh area. \'a0I was going to just try it once at the original Strip District location and not try it ever again. \'a0\
\
Of course, what happens? \'a0I end up eating a sandwich every day that I stayed in the city, including buying a sandwich for the road before heading out. \'a0\
\
What makes these sandwiches so great and craveable? \'a0No not cocaine laced in the meats but it just simply works. \'a0The fries, slaw, meat, and bread just works together well. \'a0And one sandwich is all you need to get full. \'a0I wouldn't recommend eating two because that will lead to regrettable overeating stomach pains.\
\
I did enjoy the old school vibe of the original location as I saw a bunch of old regulars sitting at their stools when I came in. \'a0Also very old school style: they yelled out to the dining room to tell that a car in the parking lot had left their headlights on. \'a0Priceless and not something you see every day when you sit in your average restaurant.\
\
I've had the Capone with capicola, salami, and Italian sausage, the Jumbo Bologna, and the corned beef. \'a0All were equally delicious and satisfying. \'a0I'm so lucky that Primanti's is not on the West Coast because I'd become a fatty in absolutely no time. \'a0So yes I'll miss your delicious sandwiches but at the same time, I won't miss your starchy calories as much as I enjoy eating them.\
\
I definitely recommend going to the Strip District location as it is worth seeing the place where it all started. \'a0The environment and atmosphere of the original really can't be duplicated anywhere else.\
\
Loved this place. Great food. Lots of it and tasty. Had the Pitts Burger and was awesome. Enjoyed the friendliness of the staff and how quickly I was served. Definitely will come back here.\
\
Pretty good sandwich, but could use more meat. \'a0Sandwich was mostly fries and slaw. \'a0The French fries were great and bread was fresh. \'a0This location gets busy, so give yourself plenty of time.\
\
Very good sandwich, and great service. \'a0This is a must visit place for a true cheesesteak sandwich!\
\
As a born and raised Pittsburgher, I feel like it's a must for me to give Primanny's (as we yinzers say) a 5 star rating. If this is your first time visiting, I highly recommend visiting the original location in the Strip District as there's just something more magical about the experience. Take a walk around the place and admire all of the famous Pittsburghers from Mr. Rogers to Mario Lemieux.\'a0\
\
Pro Tip: Don't order your fries or slaw on the side, you might just get yelled at!\
\
Any time I visit Primanti's, I always go with the # 1 and # 2 seller. Iron City Beer and a Pittsburgher (Steak) sandwich. If you're really hungry, add an egg. Don't forget to add the Red Devil hot sauce, as it completes the sandwich.\'a0\
\
It usually is packed on the weekends, especially on Steeler game day, but it's a pretty quick turnaround. Great sandwich, and great establishment!\
\
It's Primanti's, so it's like the thing to experience for the tourists because I guess putting fries on a gigantic burger is unique, but let's be honest, other than that, this place is just another corporate entity that is running off of nostalgia and the name value. Honestly, apart from the mountainous portions, it's not that much different from something you'd get at a fast food place.\
\
So yeah, the beer is cheap if that's your thing (it's not mine), and the sandwiches are massive and filling, but there's better food to be had elsewhere in this great city.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 This is a nice addition to the area. I am from Pittsburgh and have one close to me, but when I am passing though I like to stop it. Fast service and great Pizza! The Primantis pizza is a hidden gem. Also, the burgers are huge and delicious.\
\
Wonderful food just like every time i go there. Just remember the online menu is not the same as in restaurant no kids menu either loved it though.\
\
Not good - after nearly finishing the first half of my sandwich I noticed MOLD!! Totally gross and completely unacceptable. First time here and will NEVER return. Nasty and stomach totally turned over this experience - be careful if you come here - you've been warned!!\
\
A notch below great. However because of its origins in Pittsburgh it's a good idea to stop by for a sandwich if you're in the city. The Pitts- burger is definitely the go to especially because it is the #2 best seller.\
\
5 stars for atmosphere, nostalgic, food and service.\
Pastrami sandwich one of the best cuts of pastrami I've had to date.\
Service was fast and attentive. \'a0Being in the food service industry myself, they do great.\
I'd like to see some of the people on here complaining about service try to keep up with the masses ordering sandwiches non stop and keep a smile on your face for 8 hours....be easy on these guys. It ain't easy feeding drunk people all night long!\
Will be back next time in Pitt!\
\
This was a disappointing place. The food was awful and service was absolutely the worst I've experienced.\
\
I love Primanti's. There are a few locations, depending on the one you go to, and the time of day there is an open bar, live music, and a place to dance. Also you most love a 2 fist-ed sandwich with everything on it.\
\
Primantis is what it is. \'a0You either like the food or not. \'a0I happen to like it. \'a0The bar at this location has great drink specials.\
\
Came here because NOTHING else is open in Pittsburgh after the bars close. I'm a vegetarian, and the options available are slim to none. Got the double egg and cheese, and it was bland - absolutely no flavor whatsoever. Came here with friends who ordered the "Ragin' Cajun" and pastrami. They weren't impressed either. Both friends disliked the large pieces of bread. I agreed with them on the entire lack of flavor.\'a0\
\
I don't know why people recommend this place, but they need to stop. This place is not good and not worth coming to. If they'd like to improve, add some FLAVOR to the sandwiches! Consider garlic, onion, spices, mayo, salt....these things are important in enhancing food.\
\
Would not recommend to others.\
\
The family came here from Southern California and we loved the atmosphere, fun staff and good food. \'a0I had the Ragin Cajun sandwich, which was good, but the Pastrami has a nice smokey flavor and nothing here was small. \'a0Definitely a must when in Pittsburgh, great historical location you have to experience.\
\
The strip is a must stop for any tourist visiting Pittsburgh. Primanti's is a legend so we had to stop for lunch. The sandwich was delicious as was the chili. The place is dumpy but the service was quick.\
\
A myth, a legend, and all all-out nostalgic fest. Eerily reminiscent of old school dives and diners which parade the highways of the east coast, which added even more to the charm.\
\
Exceptional, salt-of-the-earth service from the folks that work there. And the sandwich lived up to all expectations. A classic, meaty taste that touches to the heart of Pittsburgh (or perhaps your literal heart, clogged arteries and all)\
\
Did not eat at this location but couldn't find the location to Yelp my review. Still wanted to review Primanti Bros. I forgot the name of my order but it's there most popular sandwiches. It had cheeseburger and fries and I had the cole slaw on the side. It was tasteful and delicious. Would highly recommend trying Primanti Bros\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 If you are drunk and hungry it is delicious. Tried it sober once and it wasn't very good!\
\
Iconic restaurant. Visiting from Houston. A must if in Pittsburgh. Go to the original. We shared a jumbo bologna sandwich and were still full. We removed some of the fries and Coke slaw so we could savor the bologna.\
\
\'a0ve been to Pittsburgh many times, this was my first visit and it was great !! Had the Pittsburger, and it was all it was hyped up to be !! Delicious and a must do in the burg !! Friendly staff, a truly iconic place , in my favorite part of Pittsburgh, strip district and Primanti brothers are amazing !!\
\
Sooo good. The pastrami is delicious and the burger is tasty. Line was long but moved very quickly. Everyone was super excited nice and helpful. Loved it!\
\
Not a fan of fries on my sandwich. Got the t-shirt as a gift.\
\
It was alright. We had so many people from Pittsburgh recommend this place- everyone we asked about one thing we can't miss went on and on about trying Primanti's. It wasn't horrible but I'm sure the street vendor down the block selling fried rice was better. I didn't understand all the hype.\
\
Easy 4stars. Idk bout it being 5 stars. Fries are a bit too greasy and the steak/beef sandwich (not their signature sandwich) is a bit of a mess.\'a0\
\
Don't get me wrong the flavors are good but it's like when people wear too many designer labels to create the facade that they're wealthy. Yeah, that's their sandwich. Don't need all that hoopla. IMO\
\
Greates restaurant of all time there is a reason why this restaurant is featured on food Channel all the time. If you come you must order a Pittsburger and a iron city beer.\
\
When I accompanied my husband on a business trip to Pittsburgh I spent the days eating and drinking my way through this delightful town.\
I spent my first day on "The Strip", and of coarse I had to stop into Primanti Bros! I sat at the little counter and enjoyed chili cheese fries, beer and conversation with the servers!\
\'a0Obviously I still dream about the chili cheese fries and can not wait to visit again! I wish I could remember the \'a0name of the woman that I chatted with, she has been working there for years and was so sweet!\
\
I'm not a native pittsburgher, maybe that's the problem, but I found the sandwiches with the coleslaw and french fries really disgusting. I've tried it several times, at different locations, and pretty much the same at all locations.... I guess I just don't get it\
\
We came to the original Primanti Bros. in downtown Pittsburgh off the strip. Busy and crowded but fast seating and service. Sandwich were exactly as we had seen on the food shows , big and delicious\
\
This is a true landmark institution of Pittsburgh! \'a0 Trust the way they make their sandwiches and you will have an amazing meal! \'a0I highly recommend going to the original location and it is always open!\
\
On a vacation in Pittsburgh and we'd been recommended this spot by a few people. Got there at about noon, there were about twenty people in the line for seating. We were doing take out and were directed straight to the cash register\
\
The place: decorated like a regular bar/restaurant with some cool art work and a meal of famous Pittsburgh(ers?)\
\
Staff: The service was top notch. Everyone in the staff was super friendly and courteous\
\
Food: unfortunately, worst part of the experience. We got a Pittsburgher, a capicola and a pastrami sandwich. The opinion from all three of us was that the whole thing needed a bit more spices and salt. My capicola was supposed to be spicy but it was just totally bland. Overall it's just tasted like some cheap deli sandwich and not something that should be putting Pittsburgh on the sandwich map\
\
We were told to visit the ORIGINAL Primanti Bros in Pittsburgh, so we did. \'a0Wow! It really is a totally different experience. \'a0The food was so good and the atmosphere and history was really cool. \'a0The food honestly speaks for itself, but the experience is what this location is all about. \'a0There is parking at the restaurant, but there's plenty of parking all around. \'a0It's a neat area to visit, we wouldn't have gone there if it hadn't been for Primanti Bros!\
\
We were visiting Pittsburgh and have always heard the stories about Primamti's from friends and The Travel Channel so we decided to hit the original location in the strip district. \'a0I got the Pitts-burger (#2 best seller) with egg. \'a0I wasn't so sure about piling everything on a sandwich but everyone raves about it.\
\
It's definitely a cultural experience! The sandwich was huge and tasty. \'a0I'm fussy about \'a0cole slaw and it did not disappoint.\'a0\
\
The menu tells you the history of how it started and you can hear the pride that the locals have with this place. \'a0We got to see Toni who has been here for decades and was on the segment aired on The Travel Channel. You should definitely stop by and taste what the locals are crazy about!\
I really don't understand why people love this place so much. I appreciate that it's a nod to the history of Pittsburgh but it truly does the 'Burgh a disservice by being so flavorless. Add some seasoning or dressings or something to the sandwiches, please! I added one star back because the restaurants are an okay place to go for beer and a good vibe.\
THIS is the best primantis of them all! I had the pastrami and cheese and it was delicious. I would definitely recommend this one! It's a good sized sandwich and don't forget to ask for onions. We got their chili cheese fries on the side which are nothing special but still good. And this place is open 24 hours!\
Trying really hard, but just not what it once was before opening 42 more locations. 42? Yup. The slide started when the Oakland location opened and you may as well stop in at any other national chain as here. It's a familiar model:\
\
1. Add locations based on a really good idea and a fabulous reputation.\'a0\
\
2. Water down that reputation with inconsistent quality across stores and cutting costs to enhance profitability.\
\
3. Remove the heart and soul of the dining experience. In this case by spreading something that was uniquely Pittsburgh across Pennsylvania and into 6 other states.\
\
Once as much a Pittsburgh icon as our sports teams and bridges, visiting Primanti's is now more of a 'said I did it' than the unique eating experience it once was. Might as well go to Applebees.\
Great atmosphere, good food. Definitely would recommend. Only thing I would say is that I wish they would toast their bread. Everything on the sandwich makes the bread soggy after awhile.\
\
First of all I've never had a bad sandwich from here! \'a0Yes I understand people hate cash only and don't like how crowded it is but it will remain a staple of Pittsburgh. It's more than the fries on top that make this a great sandwich, it's the bread and premium meats cooked fresh that make them great!\
\
Great food and friendly service. This is an old school vibe place that makes me feel truly American and I loved the fact that various types of people visited (we were a group of Arab/Mexican/White ladies) \'a0for one common cause--a good meal! The food was beyond belief...fries in a sandwich!?! \'a0I stuck with the steak and cheese and a side of chili cheese fries, both great! I will be back next time I am in town!\
\
Bathroom was flooded with urine disgusting and unsanitary will never go back again. Service was great but the bathroom was so disgusting the AHD should inspect this place\
\
Enjoyed this place this past weekend. \'a0When in Rome, so I tried the pastrami with the fries and cole slaw in it. \'a0Very, good. \'a0A very big sandwich loaded with meat. \'a0And the bread...wow! \'a0I really dug it.\
\
In town on travel, we shared a pastrami and Pittsburger with cheese fries .... well, let's start with the fries -- they are cooked in peanut oil; either the oil was previously burned or the oil needed to be changed because the fries literally tasted like rancid peanuts -- not to mention none of the fries were salted.\'a0\
\
The "meat" on the pittsburger was like a hamburger patty you buy at a discount grocery store's frozen freezer. Or it also reminded me of an elementary school's burger.\'a0\
\
The bread was good. The pastrami meat was good. The coleslaw was OK -- but a too vinegary for my taste.\'a0\
\
The sandwich looks awesome, but the taste of the bland, rancid peanut flavored fries turn it into junk.\
\
Love this place , finally got there last weekend after years of hearing about it and seeing it on tv and it did not disappoint from the atmosphere to the food , it's in a real cool part of town the restaurant as a real cool atmosphere the sandwiches are delicious and different from any other, the place is a great Pittsburgh experience gives you the Pittsburgh feel!\
\
I've been here more times than the Steelers have won AFC Championships and Super Bowls. I love this Primanti's the best because it has the most nostalgia and the sandwiches here always seem to taste better. It's a great environment and the employees rock. Stop by and grab a Pittsburgher Cheese Steak with egg and a Iron City beer the next time you're in the Steel City. Yinz Rock!!!\
\
My boyfriend and I visited Pittsburgh this past week for a quick 2 day trip. When we arrived, we wanted to get something close to our Airbnb and after driving from Buffalo for 4 hours and visiting The Night of The Living Dead cemetery, we were definitely ready for lunch.\'a0\
\
I ordered a bacon and cheese sandwich and my boyfriend ordered the assorted cheese sandwich. The sandwiches are quite large and arrive to your table on a wrap instead of a plate. What Primanti's is most-known for is the Cole slaw and fries that are also on the sandwiches instead of on the side.\'a0\
\
Unfortunately, I thought my sandwich really lacked flavor and it basically tasted like I was eating French fries slapped between white bread. It was very dry. The coleslaw was an oil based slaw, whereas I think a mustard or mayo based slaw would have helped with the dryness. I think my boyfriend enjoyed his sandwich and said he'd return again but he's also a vegetarian and loves carbs more than anyone.\'a0\
\
This was my third trip to Pittsburgh and I've had multiple people freak out that I never stopped at Primanti Bros. so that's the main reason why I came here - to say that I did. It didn't do much for me but at least I finally tried it. This is apparently a Pittsburgh staple so if you're visiting the area you might want to check it out. But if you're not really a sandwich person or come from a food-city (like Buffalo NY) then this place can definitely be skipped.My boyfriend and I visited Pittsburgh this past week for a quick 2 day trip. When we arrived, we wanted to get something close to our Airbnb and after driving from Buffalo for 4 hours and visiting The Night of The Living Dead cemetery, we were definitely ready for lunch.\'a0\
\
I ordered a bacon and cheese sandwich and my boyfriend ordered the assorted cheese sandwich. The sandwiches are quite large and arrive to your table on a wrap instead of a plate. What Primanti's is most-known for is the Cole slaw and fries that are also on the sandwiches instead of on the side.\'a0\
\
Unfortunately, I thought my sandwich really lacked flavor and it basically tasted like I was eating French fries slapped between white bread. It was very dry. The coleslaw was an oil based slaw, whereas I think a mustard or mayo based slaw would have helped with the dryness. I think my boyfriend enjoyed his sandwich and said he'd return again but he's also a vegetarian and loves carbs more than anyone.\'a0\
\
This was my third trip to Pittsburgh and I've had multiple people freak out that I never stopped at Primanti Bros. so that's the main reason why I came here - to say that I did. It didn't do much for me but at least I finally tried it. This is apparently a Pittsburgh staple so if you're visiting the area you might want to check it out. But if you're not really a sandwich person or come from a food-city (like Buffalo NY) then this place can definitely be skipped.\
\
Is there any greater joy than trying a city's food specialty, the thing that locals can't stop talking about? Whether or not you actually love the item is kind of beside the point. When I heard about the Primanti's sandwich and how passionately people felt about this long-standing institution, I knew I had to give it a shot.\'a0\
\
We're talking about a sandwich that comes on slices of white bread, your choice of meat, along with cole slaw and fries IN the sandwich. (Why is it that a local speciality is never a light, good for you, veggie-heavy dish?) You can go with a burger as the meat and then it's a Pittsburger. I went with the roast beef myself, and couldn't help but get a side of chili as well, which ended up being huge. It's a giant, messy sandwich eating experience and you just have to go for it and get your hands dirty. With no sauce on it I'd say it needed a bit more flavor, but it seems like the experts have their own ketchup and/or hot sauce solutions that greatly improve it. I was especially impressed by the cole slaw, which is crunchy and has a great flavor, which is probably due to a ton of sugar in it but I can't be sure.\'a0\
\
I definitely wouldn't suggest getting this to go, as I would imagine that the bread and fries would get soggy immediately. Anyway it's more fun to eat it in this old location which doesn't look like it's ever been remodeled (which I loved), served all messy just on a piece of paper by a hilarious and friendly server.\'a0\
\
Cash only, which isn't my favorite, but also open 24 hours which is just brilliant because though I give the sandwich a B+ at a normal hour, as a late-night snack after a night out I think I'd give it an A++++. A perfect example of an indulgent local treat that you've gotta try at least once!\
\
It's a Pittsburgh classic but the fried on it didn't do it for me. I would still give them another shot if I went back. The service was great and they had a great selection. I would've preferred the fries if they were more crisp and less thick.\
\
No trip to Pittsburgh is complete without a stop at Primanti Bros. \'a0Hugh sandwiches made with fresh bread, your choice of meat, coleslaw and french fries (yes! on the sandwich!). \'a0It was a solid meal an recommended if you are seeking something a little different. \'a0This location is open 24/7 and offers breakfast too.\
\
Weekly stop for me. I'm new to Pittsburgh and love a big sandwich.\
The chili is really good.\
\
We were told this was a must while in Pittsburgh. I got the pittsburger and it was pretty bad. Clearly a cheap frozen party with out any flavor at all. The rest of the sandwich, while creative, did not make up for the low quality meat\
\
The first day I landed in Pittsburgh my Uber driver and \'a0few other folks gave a tip to try this place out. Tried the chicken sandwich and fries\'a0\
Pros:\
Open 24 hours\'a0\
Good quantity for price\
\
Cons:\
Sandwich was very dry\
A bit dirty\'a0\
\
Good for native Pittsburgh experience and when you are hell drunk and want something to bite on.\
\
Came in on a late night during the week to get food. Always enjoyed coming to this location since I live in LOLA ( Lower Lawrenceville ) and this is supposed to be a prime staple of the Steel City. I do agree with some reviews the place is filthy and dirty.... being a germaphob I somehow always seem to put the griminess of this location aside and eat here anyways until... as walking out the late week night I came in a pleasant little mouse \'a0popped from underneath of one of the coolers or cooking station / prep area stations.\'a0\
\
Needless to say, I haven't been back since because seeing a LIVE mouse , kind of put a nail in the \'a0coffin for me . One of the cities fine Health inspectors needs to take a stroll in here and diligently inspect and evaluate the conditions of this location ( I don't care how old or how great of a Pittsburgh landmark and staple this is ) mice carry harmful diseases that can be passed to humans. In addition to the Health Inspectors and Health Department getting involved this location needs thoroughly scrubbed down , cleaned, and their employees need to wash after they hop back inside from smoking out on the corner and wash their hands after they touch cash and then touch all the food on the line. Sorry Primanti's , but you need to get your cleaning act and rodent problem under control at this location.\'a0\
\
Ciao fellow Yelpers.\
\
OMG...! \'a0What is on this Captain sandwich??? \'a0It tastes AMAZING...!!! \'a0I ordered it w extra slaw but holy hell- it is DELICIOUS...! \'a0You guys need to try this sandwich...!\
\
This is a no frills 24hr sandwich shop in a recovering part of a formerly blighted town. The sandwiches were good but not great and the table service was simple and completely disposable. It seems that they skimp on meat while loading on all other topping however, this may have just been my sandwich. If your looking for a nice and swanky sit down artisanal sandwich shop this is not it. Also, it is generally crowded and small, and lacking any sort of ambiance. However, it is an honest working class bar with decent food at decent prices. But as a side note the bathrooms are down a long, steep, and narrow flight of stairs.\
\
I don't like cole slaw ... so each and every time I ask for no cole slaw I get a dirty look. \'a0Service is usually hit or missed and directly correlated with how busy it is, although a couple of non-busy times I could have sworn my distaste for cole slaw caused our service to be lacking.\
\
So let's get to the food. \'a0I've had better bread. \'a0I've had better fries. \'a0So I can't justify the dollars to taste ratio for this particular establishment. \'a0So many of my friends swear by this place and it just boggles my mind that I can't be moved by it. \'a0Yeah, I'll give it another shot or two ... but so far I'm just not impressed.\
\
Love love love this place. It's open 24 hours and on New Years. This was my first time in Pittsburgh and everyone told me to go here. This is what Pitt is known for. Typically when people tell me I have to try a staple of a certain city, I am left disappointed because it's overhyped, the wait is typically forever, and the food is not THAT good. However Primanti Bros was not overhyped for nothing.\'a0\
\
I walk in and there's open seating everywhere. It was crowded but not overly crowded. I hate when there's a wait and I see a bunch of open tables. primantis self seating was perfect. The waitress came over right away and got us our drinks. Idk if this time was just not as busy because it's New Year's Day and I was there during the steelers game (they were playing the browns... there's not a worse team in the NFL).\'a0\
\
We ordered. I got 3 sandwiches (Cajun chicken, pastrami, and the pittsburger), and the smallman chilli cheese fries. The fries came out immediately. It was faster than jimmy johns and it was hot and fresh and delicious. The 3 sandwiches came out in less than 5 min after. The service was impeccably quick!\'a0\
\
The smallman chilli cheese fries were topped with chilli, sour cream and bacon. It could honestly use a bit more bacon but they were delicious. The sandwiches all come with Cole slaw and fries stuffed in them. The Cole slaw was perfect, it was not overly flavored so it did not take away from the taste of the meats. The French fries were crispy so it added a bit of a crunch to the sandwich. All the meats were perfectly cooked to the right tenderness. They were evenly cut on halves and served to us on plastic wrap and not a plate. I prefer this because it's more economical.\'a0\
\
For $7, these sandwiches are ridiculously filling, I couldn't even finish each half out of the 3 sandwiches that I ordered.\
\
Highly recommend coming here. If I'm ever back in Pittsburgh, this will definitely be my first stop again!\
\
This is one of my absolute favorite places to eat! \'a0Everything - the service, the atmosphere and the food is all fantastic. \'a0If you are craving a Pittsburgh Sammich there is really no where else you can go.\
It is exactly as described... fast, fresh food with fries and slaw on the sandwich. The food comes out very quickly so there were a lot of people doing to go orders. The staff was friendly and attentive. It can get VERY crowded so if you don't want to wait, you really need to plan to go during a slow time. They are open 24 hours, so we went for breakfast but I don't mind a big sandwich and some chili cheese fries for breakfast. What better way to start the day?\
The cook was such a nice guy, plus he wasn't bad looking either. The food was made right in front of you (if you're sitting at the counter), so you know how your food is being prepared. The food is, what it is. Meat, slaw, bread, fries cheese etc. And lots of it. I only ate half of my sandwich. It was ok. Nothing super special. But I was told I had to go there when in Pittsburgh.\
Every time I return to Pittsburgh, I come here. Every time, I get the same thing. Sardine and cheese with an egg. Always fresh and satisfying. Very affordable. The staff is also friendly.\
I went to college in Pittsburgh so I have been before and missed it. \'a0Was in cleveland for a business trip and drove to Pittsburgh just for it. \'a0It did not disappoint. \'a0One of the most unique sandwiches I have ever had. \'a0Would never think that Cole slaw and French fries would be so good but it is. \'a0A must for anybody visiting Pittsburgh as this is something you can only get here.\
It's Primanti's. It's a gem. A Pittsburgh legend. You're visiting from out of town? Then Primanti's you MUST go.\
\
Normally, I hit up the Southside location to get my primanti's fix, but I was in the strip and we wanted something filling and cheap, so we came here. I got the turkey sandwich with a fried egg and my boyfriend got the steak. We both adored them, as we always do. The amount of food you get for the amount of money you pay, is insane. The bread is so fresh and everything is ALWAYS tasty. Plus, the staff is friendly and that's always a bonus.\
\
If you haven't always tried Primanti's, then you must. There really isn't another choice.\
\
Great vibe and great food! If your in the Pittsburgh area you have to stop in and get a sandwich.\
\
stopped here tonight \'a0for a beer and a burger and is was good....meet crystal the barmaid and she couldn't have been nicer.....what a pleasure....the P.B.R/'s were cold and the burger was tasty....great coleslaw...different !....nice crowd, friendly and a cool atmosphere! \'a0 restroom was clean and looking into the kitchen...well I approve....def. check out this place when your in town\
\
I've been in Pittsburgh for 3 days and I have eaten primanti brothers everyday. I'm about to go again now for breakfast. When people tell you you have to eat here when you come to Pittsburgh they are CORRECT.\
\
Only complaint I have was the "pittsburger" sandwich... that hamburger patty is not good. It's pretty gross. I don't know how it's a best seller. Acquired taste maybe. BUT the roast beef, hot sausage, kielbasa.... TO DIE FOR.\
\
I am a Pittsburgher and love the original Primantis. It is a Pittsburgh staple and serves great food. Personally, I like the roast beef and the fish sandwiches. High quality consistent ingredients make for a yummy sandwich!\
\
I can see why everyone I knew from Pittsburgh urged me to go here.\'a0\
So much Americana.\'a0\
And my god, why don't every sandwich shop across the nation offer fries as toppings? I'm also a big fan of cole slaw. So fries, slaw, meat stacked between thick slices of soft italian bread?\'a0\
Doesn't even matter meats arent the best quality.\'a0\
I got pittsburger and it was just thin regular patties you see in fast food or diner joints but the other stuff are what makes this sandwich great.\
Srly a must for anyone new to town! You'll likely crave it when you go back home.\'a0\
Anyways I enjoyed every minute of eating that sandwich. And so should everyone.\'a0\
\
Also the staff who were there are very friendly!\
\
Classic spot in Pittsburgh. The other locations don't beat this one. Original is always best. Very nice cook and attentive and sweet server, I got the capicola and cheese. Bread is fresh, fries cooked to perfection.\'a0\
\
Much love primantis :)\
\
They have Primantis in FL but I decided to try the original in Pittsburgh, PA since I was on my way to the state of IL for a job contract. This is truly a historic landmark where the flavors of its 100 year existence is instilled in its Flat Iron grill. I had the Pastrami sandwich and it was well worth it. \'a0True difference in flavor compared to their location in FL. Loved every bite. I can cross this out of my list of places I've been to in my lifetime in my travels being a foodie\
\
Caught an Uber over from the dahntahn DoubleTree ($7). It'd been years since my last Primanti so I headed over to refresh the memory. I ordered an HBK in homage to the Penguins namesakes; and the reason I was back in the area. The sandwich was good but super filling as might be expected. The ham, bacon, and kielbasa were all delicious. The fries seemed a little flat though. Just not much flavor at all to them. The slaw was crisp and a nice twang. Left satisfied and full. Service was fairly quick and food served equally as timely. They were not busy when I arrived or left. Maybe a handful of tables or bar-seats were occupied. Enjoyed looking at the artwork on the walls.\
\
Delicious, authentic sandwich. Service was great and the atmosphere is very fun. Definitely the place to go when visiting Pittsburgh!\
\
Must be a Pittsburgh thing and like a lot of things here, they know it's not that good but they are just really proud of it. The sandwiches are big yes...which I guess is great if you favor gimmicks over taste. The cole slaw is soggy and non-descript...the fries too were soggy and flavorless and I've had more flavorful corn-beef at an elementary school cafeteria St. Patty's day celebration. Hard pass if I were you.\
\
This place is a straight up 5. RJ and I stopped here at midnight after the Flyers/Penguins Stadium Series. $5 for parking right outside the door. It\'a0\
was packed, but another couple had 2 empty seats and offered them to us. The employees bust their butts here, and we got waited on and served right away. I had roast beef and RJ had angus steak. RJ told me there would be French fries and slaw on my sandwich, but I had no idea how good that would be. And I expected a roll or toasted bread. It's served on slices of fresh Italian bread and I just loved the way the cold, fluffy bread absorbed all the flavor from the hot roast beef and fries and cold cole slaw. We also ordered cheese fries because the fries are so good. My only regret is that I didn't ask for cheese on my sandwich, I'll know for next time. But a weird thing. The girl who offered us a seat walked out. Her man friend said to us, I should settle up so you don't get stuck with our bill. Then he disappeared, and we never saw him pay which was right \'a0in front of where we were sitting. We made sure their bill wasn't on our check, which it wasn't. $18 for all of that, and I took half of mine home for the next day and it was still delicious!!\
\
Delish sandwiches, but you better go when you're hungry because it's a lot of food! We sat at the bar which was cool to watch them cook. The place fills up quick, so don't go when you're already starving, or plan to get takeout.\
\
I was told by everyone that when visiting Pittsburgh, Primanti Bros is a must-visit, and I agree. \'a0This location is the original and so I made sure this was the one I visited. \'a0I came on a Thursday for lunch and got a table right away. \'a0There is a large variety of sandwiches you can order and they all come with fries and coleslaw on top. \'a0The price is great for the size of the sandwich that you get. \'a0I got the "Joe, Dick, & Stanley" and one of the meats (I believe it was the roast beef) was a strange texture. \'a0Also, it was lacking sauce and was pretty dry considering how much filling is in the sandwich. \'a0However, the staff was friendly. \'a0I definitely recommend trying it at least once if you are a visitor to Pittsburgh!\
\
Whenever I come back to Pittsburgh I always try to come back to this place. Ambiance is great, food is fast, and the sandwiches are great. If your looking for some greasy meat and fries on delicious Mancini bread you can't beat it !\
\
I have first visited to Primanti Bros. in 2009 and don't remember what the sandwiches tasted like. \'a0We went back again in July of this year \'a0on this trip to Pittsburgh and Cleveland and decided to visit it again since we have no recollection of what the hype on the sandwiches from the first visit. \'a0The restaurant was not busy but it took a very long time to get a server and the server was not really \'a0friendly toward us. \'a0He took our orders and came back later with the bill when he saw that we were finished. \'a0 I ordered the New Yorker. My husband ordered the Pitts-burger. My son ordered the Joe,Dick and Stanley. \'a0 My sandwich was soggy with cold fries with not much meat. I tried a little of the Pitts-burger and the hamburger was bland. \'a0My husband thought the Pitts-burger didn't have much taste either so it needed the hot sauce. This might explain why there was a bottle of hot sauce on the table to use. My son said his sandwich was very good but he is a child who always have positive things to say about everything. The sandwich was not memorable the first time and not memorable in a positive way for \'a0taste or service this time. The bathroom was downstairs so you had to walk down the steps to a basement with concrete walls which felt kind of creepy if you are \'a0alone. This is definitely a unique \'a0touristy stop \'a0but it really is over hyped. At least there was free parking!\
\
Yeah, I tried it. The place was old, dingy, and PACKED! So I was excited. Looked at the menu, this prices were cheap, great first date. So I went for the pastrami,fries,slaw and it was Ehhh ok. The food was fresh bread soft, slaw crunchy, fries piled on, but the pastrami...kind of bland. Maybe I been spoiled to all the pastrami spots in NYC but I was a little underwhelmed. Next in town I will give it another shot, because everything else popped. It was a local spot, near the ballparks, cheap eats, open late. I loved the spot, not the sandwich.\
\
Delicious and over the top sandwiches that you should treat yourself to no more than twice a year\'a0\
\
My dad and I were visiting Pittsburgh and saw this place on every "must eat in Pittsburgh" list. So we went and ordered two of their most famous sandwiches: the Pitts burger and the New Yorker.\
\
This place really lives up to the hype. Their sandwiches are ginormous... it's like the size of the my face. Each is piled with thick layers of meat, cheese and FRIES.\'a0\
\
Both sandwiches had the same base- thick white bread, fries, coleslaw, cheese, and onions (by request). The bread was very average. I thought it tasted a little dry actually... the fries were a bit too much, it overpowered the sandwich a bit. I LOVED the coleslaw. It's one of the best coleslaws I've tasted in a sandwich. It added a nice sour and crisp kick to the sandwiches, and it's crisp texture really cuts through the rest of the otherwise soft sandwich. The pitts burger had a very average beef patty as the meat, while the New Yorker had corned beef and pastrami, as well as some mustard. There is so much stuff in each of the sandwiches that the bottom pieces of bread literally got flattened before we even picked it up.\'a0\
\
Honestly, I think that the taste of the sandwiches are themselves 4/5, but the presentation and service at the place gives it a solid 4.5.\
\
The service was very fast - our sandwiches were served in 10-15 min. The staff is very friendly! The presentation of the sandwiches is very good - They are cut in half and served on parchment paper. The sandwiches are very photogenic and perfect for instagram/Snapchat/Yelp or any other social media platforms.\
\
The service was slow and the burger meat is like a meat loaf. The fries taste burnt. All sandwiches are on thick white bread. If you were just coming for a beer maybe it would be better.\
\
This food is over rated. It's only popular because they never close. Fries cold and bland a little salt wouldn't hurt. I'm a chef myself so this was very disappointing. My wife said we would have been off at a fast food drive thru. And they have deserts and chicken wings on the online menu but they didn't have them in the actual restaurant saying everyone isn't the same. Smh\
\
I don't get it. I guess it's a historic place but \'a0in my opinion the sandwich was really pretty poor. \'a0My husband did have a great local beer recommended by our server. It was the highlight of the meal. \'a0I ordered a glass of Chardonnay that was served warm. \'a0 Yuck! \'a0I would recommend trying s different sandwich. On a positive note I thought the slaw on the sandwich was pretty good!\
\
Mandatory stop when in the Burgh. \'a0I've tried most of the menu over the years but stick with the capicola now. \'a0Great sandwich.\
\
No. Just..no. \'a0Decided to go on a lunch adventure during a road trip from Detroit to DC. \'a0My niece found this spot that had been highly rated on the food network, so why not? Well, turns out the fare is HIGHLY overrated. \'a0Service was good, but I was disgusted by the Pitts-burger. \'a0What the hell is that mystery meat? It tasted like cheap, spongy Salisbury steak. \'a0The fries were nothing special, the Cole slaw was drab, and the bread was nothing to write home about.\'a0\
\
I ate half of the sandwich and left highly disappointed. The #1 ordered sandwich?Pittsburgh deserves to be represented better than this. \'a0Gotta wonder how much they paid for their reviews.\
\
I'm not a big deli sandwich but I got the joe, dick and Stanley (or something like that) which was awesome. I split that with the pittsburger (I didn't like the coleslaw burger combination). The coleslaw has a good amount of pepper in it. The chili cheese fries were really good as well. Hopefully, I'll live thru this meal and make it back to eat here again\
\
Love this place and so does the internet Was reading an article this morning, about 60 Iconic U.S. Restaurants you must try before you die and there was Primanti's alphabetically listed by state #47 Love the food and atmosphere Its good to be from Pittsburgh\
\
I kept reading about Primanti Brothers on suggested places to eat when visiting Pittsburgh so I had to try it out. I got the kielbasa and cheese sandwich which was very good. My only suggestion is less coleslaw on the sandwich which isn't a big deal because I can easily just remove some. My husband got the Pittsburger, and he loved it. He was in Pittsburgh last month on a business trip and went to two other locations which he didn't care for. He said that the location in the strip district area (surrounded by warehouses) makes the sandwiches the best! Next time I visit Pittsburgh, I will be returning to this location to try another sandwich!\
\
I was super excited to try this place out on my first trip to PA. A coworker described the sandwiches as "unique". Right up my alley. We went in on a Tuesday night after a long day of meetings and driving. Great beer selection and all types of delicious menu items. I went for the Cappicola Salami with extra meat and an egg. Why not? Beer, salami and an egg... \'a0The filling part of the sandwich was great but the bread was not up to par for me. Bread makes the sandwich. It can also kill a sandwich. Dry bread that was sort of Texas toasty. 4 stars for a cool atmosphere and great sandwich fillings and a beer menu. I will try again next time I'm in town.\
\
Definitely a must when you're in the Pittsburgh area. This place is set up to represent the city of Pittsburgh, with good food served by good people at a good price point. I got the vegetarian option (the deluxe egg/cheese) and it hit the spot--and was surprisingly flavorful with the different sauces. The people I was with loved the options they got, and everyone left full (and possibly ready to take a nap). I'm personally a big fan of fries on anything, but as a heads up, the fries can get a bit soggy over time.\'a0\
\
Overall, as someone who's never had a huuuge craving for sandwich, i was pleasantly surprised by the great service and comfort food!\
\
During a convention in Pittsburgh we had to try Primanti. \'a0It was great. \'a0Whoa, tiger, back it down, I had better explain a bit more. \'a0The food was good, let's not get too crazy here. \'a0You pick a meat, a decent quality meat, not great, they warm it on the grill, Slap it on some really good french bread, add a fist of coleslaw throw some fresh fries on top and call it a sammy. \'a0\
\
So the quality of ingredients is good, meat was good, bread great, fried and slaw good. \'a0But the coolness factor adds a star and the price can't be beat. \'a0We both got large sandwiches for about 8 bucks. \'a0I'm definitely a fan, and will go back if I'm in town. \'a0I wish there was a four and a half stars, that's what I would give, but, without that option, I have to round down, because to get a five from me is tough. \'a0Nothing wrong with a four stars, and I would wholeheartedly recommend this location. \'a0We got there late, and the server was awesome, great guy. \'a0The atmosphere was great, and it's just so gosh darn cool.\
\
Go!\
\
The sandwiches are fantastic unfortunately the atmosphere isn't something to strive for, but that's not the point! It's a city classic hole in the wall. It's a standard every time I go to Pittsburgh!\
\
This was a real treat. \'a0Watch the visits on TV from that one Travel Chanel guy who's name will be not said, but you know who I am talking about. \'a0It was good and the ladies working the place made the place. \'a0So happy I finally got to go there.\
\
This place was delicious. I am glad that me and my husband decided to drive a different route home to stop in and try the food.\
\
Had to give it 5 stars just for the tradition it brings to the Burgh. Sandwiches and fries were great, very nice server and my son who is Pittsburgh obsessed was in 7th heaven. Yinz guys gotta go if your in the Burgh....\
Ok. We did it.\'a0\
\
Came here mid-afternoon and still had a line...I thought that was a good sign. Sometimes a deli type place doesn't have alcohol, they had a decent bottled beer selection, so +1 there...\
\
As for the main attraction...the sammiches... We tried three of them...\
\
All of them feature thick white/italian bread a pile of fries, a pile of slaw, a couple tomatoes and then you basically are just picking which meat you want to be under that pile...\
\
Pittsburgher - the worst of the three, a very bad burger, I'd prefer a middle school lunch patty.\
\
Jumbo (Bologna) - this actually went well with the pile of stuff and acted as a nice complement, If I was go come again I'd strongly consider this one.\
\
The Capone- this had multiple different meats and was ridiculous just on sheer volume... It wasn't bad, but I'd never try it again...\
\
So, if you've never been you should definitely go, it's worth it for the experience and sheer largesse at very fair prices, but I don't expect I'll hit it again unless I come back with someone who's never been....\
\
The original Pittsburgh sandwich is no joke. There's reasons why this place has lines out the door. Absolute perfection between two pieces of bread gives this place amazing feel. When you see pictures of famous people there, it's gotta be good. This place makes you feel like you're home in Pittsburgh. Just pure sandwich bliss\
\
\
}